<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 3.xhtml</title>
		<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="chapter-3">
			<div class="generated-style">
				<a id="chapter-three-anchor"></a><p class="x1chap-num" xml:lang="en-us"><span
						class="hyperlink"><a href="Contents.xhtml#chapter-3">CHAPTER
						THREE</a></span></p>
				<p class="x1chap-ttl" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="bold">The Pipe That <br />Was
						Never Played</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="dropcap">B</span>efore we get
					started, you’re probably asking yourself, “Is this about that famous pied piper
					from that children’s story or just another clever drug reference?” Read on
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. seek and ye shall find. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’m a great believer in moments arising. You’ll
					miss the boat, man, if you’re not ready for star time. Then at least you need a
					brother like the Kinks, Everly Brothers, and of course the Stones. And I was
					ready, ready as anybody could be. “Keith, gimme an E!” And the emcee is saying,
					“Let’s hear a big hand for old Whatsisname and the Miscellaneous Wankers.” Yeah,
					yeah, yeah .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but I always thought I needed a brother to rock the
					world—and FATE would take care of the rest.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’d been a rock star ever since I could remember. I
					came out of my mother’s womb screaming for more than nipple and nurture. I was
					born to strut and fret my hour upon the stage, fill stadiums, do massive amounts
					of drugs, sleep with three nubile groupies at a time .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. AND endorse
					my own brand of barbecue sauce (oh no, that’s Joe). All I needed was for the
					rest of the world to see who I truly was—Steven Tyler, the Demon of Screamin’,
					the Terror (or tenor) of tin pan time and space. Recipe demanded a cookin’ band,
					a few hit records, and, as alluded to a moment ago, my mutant twin. Was that too
					much to ask?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">By the summer of 1970, sixties megalodons and heavy
					metal raptors still ruled the land—the Stones! The Who! Pink Floyd! Black
					Sabbath! Deep Purple! Led Zeppelin! All those poncey Brits with their bloody
					million-quid blues riffs, limey accents, Marshall amps, flaunting their foppish
					King’s Road clothes. We didn’t stand a chance, mate. Back in the USA little
					bands came and went. They huddled in the underbrush trampled by the passing
					Ledzeposaurs. If you heard a bustle in the hedgerow—that was us. I’d been in my
					share of these little bands, eking out a living gigging for sixty dollars a
					night (if we were lucky) in crummy clubs, gymnasiums, dance halls, and
					dives.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I was even the designated rock star of Sunapee
					(summer population, 5,400; winter population, 500). I had 45s on the jukebox at
					the Anchorage where we all hung out. I had a couple of singles out, the very pop
					and Brit Invasion–like ballad “When I Needed You” and the Beatlesque,
					Dave-Clark-Five-sounding “You Should Have Been Here Yesterday” with Chain
					Reaction. I was a local hero .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. a rapidly evolving legend in my own
					mind. But that was all. I’d burned through countless bands and come home a
					beaten child.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I started mowing lawns. I had a little piece of
					hash that I kept in my hash coffin and smoked in my hash pipe, which was labeled
						<span class="italic">The Pipe That Was Never Played.</span> A couple of
					tokes, get loaded in an old drafty house with little curtains that closed. I’d
					sit around with my friends. We’d talk about what we were going to do for a
					living. Maybe we’ll become cops—I actually <span class="italic">said</span>
					that! Oh, I swear! I wanted to be a local cop like my best pal, Rick Mastin, who
					carries a badge on the lake. I can drive around at night, I thought, at least
					have something to do, like Biff, the old cop in the harbor. What would we be
					doing when we’re sixty? That was another topic of conversation. Ah well, we’ll
					smoke cigars and sit on the deck. But as soon as the words came out of my mouth
					I heard a high-pitched bat shriek in my brain. No, I don’t think so.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Sunapee is not unlike <span class="italic">Our
						Town</span>—only smaller, a little more artificial (because it’s a vacation
					resort) and on a lake. Sunapee Harbor is just like the postcards of itself:
					quaint cottages, souvenir tchotchke shops, colorful local characters, aging rock
					stars.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. The masts of sailboats sway in the harbor. It’s
						<span class="italic">sooo</span> picturesque. A perfect little stage set
					designed for tourists. Antique paddle-wheel boats docked next to an airbrushed
					little park. The crew wear Gilbert and Sullivan naval uniforms, and the captain
						<span class="italic">narrates </span>the cruise—the history, landmarks, and
					lore of crystal clear Lake Sunapee—as he indicates points of interest for the
					enlightenment and entertainment of the gawking visitors. “Now, over here, to
					your right, is the lighthouse where legend has it two star-crossed lovers would
					meet on moonlit nights .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. and over there is the summer home of
					degenerate rock star and control freak Steven Tyler [gasp!], who spent his
					summers here as a child mowing lawns and talking to elves. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">They actually do an <span class="italic">Our
						Town</span> bit (billed as Crackerbarrel Chats) where old-timers (playing
					themselves) sit around an old woodstove at the Historical Society Museum and
					share, firsthand, their memories, experiences, and photos of days gone by. I’ve
					signed up for next year. My subjects will be whittling, bird-call clocks, the
					size of Slash’s cock, and how to throw a TV set out of a hotel window into a
					swimming pool so it explodes when it hits the water. (Hint: extension
					cords.)</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Sunapee’s quaint all right, but if your aspiration
					in life is to be a rock star, then you’re in trouble. This isn’t the place to
					be. I knew that in a few weeks the town would start to close up. Like Brigadoon,
					every September it all evaporates. They fold up the flats, strike the set, and
					overnight it’s this deserted village—the kind of town you see in Stephen King
					movies where the place has been abandoned due to a supernatural fog. I’d stand
					in Sunapee Harbor all by myself and there’d be <span class="italic">nobody
						there</span>. It gave me the creeps! No wonder the town is filled with
					alcoholics—there’s nothing else to do.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Winters in Sunapee are brutal. Six months of
					howling wind and driving snow. A Siberian nightmare! And I’d spent plenty of
					winters in Sunapee, licking my wounds, getting high as a kite, brooding,
					regrouping, reassembling myself, and practicing my Jagger pout.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’d spent too many winters up there doing that. I
					wasn’t going to do it again. I said, “That’s fucking <span class="italic"
						>it</span>.” I prayed to the Angel of Cinder-Block Dressing Rooms and Ripped
					Naughahide Couches, “Deliver me from this horror!”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">And then one day—like an apparition—Joe Perry! Joe
					pulled up to my parents’ place in Trow-Rico in his brown MG. There ought to be a
					plaque to mark the spot where that happened. God, I can see it in my mind’s
					eye—the pebble retaining wall below the big house, the steps up to the house
					where I used to clip the hedges—it was such a Technicolor wide-screen moment. He
					got out of his little Brit sports car. He was wearing black horn-rimmed
					specs.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Hey, Steven, we have a band and it’s playing the
					Barn tonight. I wanted to invite you to come down and see us. You know Elyssa,
					right? She’ll be there.” Oh, yeah, I knew Elyssa, the pinball wizardess. She was
					Joe’s girlfriend, drop-dead gorgeous.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Now Joe, Tom Hamilton, and a little kid called
					Pudge Scott were in a group called the Jam Band that played around Sunapee and
					Boston. I went down to see them play that night at the Barn. There was Joe, Tom
					Hamilton on the bass, Pudge Scott on the drums, and a guy named John McGuire
					singing lead. All of them totally disheveled, fronting that unbridled bohemian
					cool of the early Brit rock bands. Joe looking a little dorky with his
					black-rimmed glasses patched with masking tape and his guitar <span
						class="italic">way</span> out of tune.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">John McGuire was the original shoe-gazer
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. an affectation later taken to a high art form by Liam Gallagher
					of Oasis and others in the postgrunge bands of the nineties like Adam Duritz in
					Counting Crows. With these guys the lead singer looked down at his feet instead
					of out at the audience. Supposed to indicate authenticity, disdain for
					showbiz—but what the hell. I’m watching John McGuire looking down at his shoes
					and I’m thinking, God, no eye contact there, no connecting with the
					audience—what <span class="italic">is</span> that? Then I notice he isn’t
					exactly looking at the floorboards. He had a couple pages of <span
						class="italic">Playboy</span> taped to the floor of the stage between his
					feet, and he was looking down at her tits, you know—how great was that? Wonder
					if Eddie Vedder had pages of <span class="italic">Surfer Magazine</span> taped
					to those early Pearl Jam stages?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Joe sings lead on the next song. I’m sitting down
					with Elyssa watching Joe sing “I’m Going Home,”<span class="italic"> </span>you
					know, the old Ten Years After song? Joe couldn’t sing at all. He sings like the
					Brit blues blokes, like Alvin Lee.Those kind of songs where you don’t have to
					hold a note (because you can’t actually sing), doing the early rock stutter, the
					way Ray Davies does “All Day and All of the Night.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Next song. And then they went into “<span
						class="italic">Weeeellll, beh-bee, if you gotta rock gong-gong-chick-gong, I
						got to be your rockin’ horse.</span>” Joe’s singing it kind of like Dylan,
					because he couldn’t really hold notes back then—nor did he want to. Singing
					pretty, on key, was pop shit. Leave that to Dusty Springfield and Joannie Baez.
					The blues cats were aiming for the genuine Delta gris-gris growl.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">They played only three songs the whole night—a lot
					of riffing, noodling—one of them being Fleetwood Mac’s “Rattlesnake Shake”—the
					mojo-driven Peter Green version (rough and dirty, pre–Stevie Nicks and the
					megahits). Fleetwood Mac’s <span class="italic">Live at the BBC—</span>we’d use
					that as our reset button. It’s the Holy Grail, the kabbalistic shit, pure
					unstepped-on melodic sensibility. Get that record, it’s all <span class="italic"
						>in there</span>.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Joe couldn’t carry a tune to save his life and I
					thought, <span class="italic">Oh, my god, these guys really </span>suck!<span
						class="italic"> Oh, shit, these guys are so bad, they’re so out of fuckin’
						tune, it’s </span>embarrassing<span class="italic">! I’ve got to get out of
						here!</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">They were playing this great Brit fret-burning
					blues, but they were <span class="italic">horrible</span>. They were out of
					tune, out of time—and I’m an animal of the beat, I have the ears of a bat. If a
					drum beat is a hundredth of a second off, I become unstable. I rant, I rave, it
					has to be fixed or the world will stop spinning on its axis. I drive my band
					crazy with this shit.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I was sitting there in the audience right next to
					Elyssa looking at Joe play. He had his Keith Richards moves <span class="italic"
						>down</span>. The menacing hatchet-face scowl and bent knees as if the riff
					was so heavy it was weighing him down. The cool-chop look slightly undercut by
					his horn-rimmed glasses, white tape in the middle, hair down to his
					shoulders.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Goes into the second verse.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">He do the
					shake</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">The rattlesnake
						shake</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Man, do the
					shake</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Yes, and jerk away the
						blues</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Now, jerk it</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Then—and this is the moment—Joe lurches into the
					guitar break: <span class="italic">BOOAH DANG BOOAH DUM</span>. Fuck! When I
					heard him play that, ah man, my dick went <span class="italic">sooo</span> hard!
					He blew my head off! I heard the angeltown sound, I saw the light. I was having
					that moment—<span class="italic">the</span> moment. Remember the scene in the
					movie <span class="italic">The Miracle Worker</span> about Helen Keller and her
					teacher? For a million years they’d done the hand signal thing. Then one day,
					out by the water pump, she signs <span class="caps">W-A-T-E-R</span>. At that
					moment, the levee broke.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Then he played the Yardbirds number <span
						class="italic">“</span>Train Kept a-Rollin’,” which became our <span
						class="italic">top-this-motherfucker</span> closer. Like me, an old
					Yardbirds fan—hence our mantras: “Train Kept a-Rollin’ ” and “I Ain’t Got
					You.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">My ear was a little more finely tuned than these
					guys’, but what I saw was this rough, raw, uncut rock ’n’ roll thing, the
					X-factor, the wild thang that runs through rock from Little Richard to Janis
					Joplin. Now that’s what was missing from the other bands. It’s not something you
					learn, it’s something you are. You play what you got. I’m thinking, with me
					make-believing rock star (which I could do <span class="italic">so </span>well)
					and Joe channeling Beck-Keit-Page, who could stop us? Who? They were in a very
					raw, rough state—but so what? If the horse doesn’t want to be ridden with a
					fucking bit in its mouth the whole time, what the fuck, let it go. If you’ve got
					this monstrous animal, let it run.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">It was so fucking great it made me cry, and then
					the thought came into my mind just like the midnight train steaming into the
					station: What if I take what my daddy taught me, the melodic sensibility I’ve
					got, with the broken glass shards of reality that these guys wove together? We
					might have something.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Oh, yeah! When they did “Rattlesnake Shake” the
					fuckin’ energy coming off them was radioactive, they had the juice that all the
					bands I’d ever been in before couldn’t touch. The sacred fire! With all the acid
					and Tuinals and crystal meth, we couldn’t get to what they were doing <span
						class="italic">on the natch</span>. Right there what was beaming through was
					the white-hot core of Aerosmith. I went, “Ye-esss! YES!!!” I heard that high
					ecstatic voice, locusts were singing in my brain! And then I knew we’d have our
					day.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">My whole life I’d been searching for my mutant
					twin—I wanted a brother. I didn’t want to be in another band without a brother.
					I needed a soul mate who would go “Amen!” Someone I could say “Fuck yeah!” to
					when I heard a million-dollar riff. In all the bands I’d been in from ’64 to ’70
					there’d always been that one thing missing, <span class="italic">the
					</span>essential ingredient. Joe was the missing link. I wanted that Dave
					Davies–Ray Davies (that was real blood), Pete Townshend–Roger Daltrey, and of
					course, Mick-Keith thing. I’d never had that.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We’re polar twins. We’re total opposites. Joe is
					cool, Freon runs in his veins; I’m hot, hot-blooded Calabrese, a sulphur sun
					beast, shooting my mouth off. <span class="caps">JOE’S A CREEP .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.
						I’M AN ASSHOLE</span>. He’s the cowboy with the brim of his ten-gallon hat
					pulled down, the <span class="italic">Hell-it-don’t-matter-none</span> dude. But
					goddammit, is he always going to win? Am I always going to be the one with egg
					on my face? Of course, contrariness is the way the great duos have always
					thrived. Mutt and Jeff, Lucy and Desi, Tom and Jerry, Dean Martin and Jerry
					Lewis, Shem and Shaun, Batman and the Joker.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Right off, there was teeth-grinding competitive
					antagonism. The internal combustion engine that drives us. It’s in our <span
						class="caps">DNA, </span>part of our chemistry. The two-way thing going on
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. combination of the two. When I met Joe, I knew I’d found my
					other self, my demon brother .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. the schizo two-headed beast. Joe
					comes up with a great riff and immediately I think, “You fuck, I gotta top that
					motherfucker. I’m gonna write words that’ll burn up the page as soon as I lay
					them down!”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">But you know what? Antagonism, pure nitro-charged
					agro, fuels inspiration. Do I have to explain these things to you? And you can’t
					control animosity, can you?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We’ve been chained together for almost forty years,
					on the lam, like Sidney Poitier and Tony Curtis in <span class="italic">The
						Defiant Ones.</span> Writing songs together, living next door to each other,
					touring, sharing girls, taping, getting high together, cleaning up together,
					splitting up .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. getting back together. There <span class="italic"
						>is</span> a love there, no matter what. As soon as the anger gets resolved,
					we’re bosom buddies, nothing can ever drive us apart, but something inevitably
					comes up and I say, “Whoa! Wait a fuckin’ minute!”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Nobody can make me as crazy as Joe. No one drove me
					to the coffin for a reminder of <span class="italic">the pied piper dream</span>
					more often than Joe. Not ex-wives, not ex-managers—and you <span class="italic"
						>know</span> how mad they can make me. Joe Perry is fucking Joe
					Perry—nothing I can do about that. Nothing I want to do about it. If he walked
					out onstage covered with vomit and shit and a needle hanging out of his arm,
					people would still applaud him and scream because he does the guitar god better
					than anyone. He’s the real deal. Not that the real deal is always the best
					deal.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Also the doomed, self-destructive rock star thing
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. straight out of the old <span class="italic">Rock Star
						Handbook.</span> Which is why I’ve got to keep my eye on him. Someone has
					to! Women love him; they have to live with his shit, his sniveling, smoking, and
					doping too much. I see him from the outside. Joe fucking Perry is the ultimate
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but I’m the one who can see the shadow over, under
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. and inside him.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">And there <span class="italic">is</span> a fucking
					Cloud of Doom passing over his head. My relationship with Joe is complex,
					competitive, fraught, really sort of fascinating in a hair-raising kind of way.
					There’s always going to be an undercurrent, ongoing tension, periods of
					homicidal hostility, backstabbing jealousy, and resentment. But hey, that’s the
					way the big machine works.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We’d joined that illustrious company of brawling
					blues brothers: Mick and Keith! Ray and Dave Davies! The Everly Brothers! That’s
					us, the Siamese fighting fish of rock! Aw<span class="italic">right</span>!
					Bring it on.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">But whatever happens, when we go on tour it fuses
					us together, we become the big two-headed beast. I <span class="italic"
						>see</span> Joe every night and I go, fuck, that’s it, I get it! This is why
					we do it! And why I <span class="italic">love</span> it. Everything kind of
					washes away. <span class="italic">All</span> of that.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">After that night, the Rattlesnake Shakedown, I was
					ready to make it happen. Tom and Joe were still in high school when I first met
					them, thinking about going to go to college. I had already burned my boats. I
					was never going back. I said to myself, <span class="italic">Fuck it, I’m going
						to take a chance and move in with everybody.</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Now, I knew we could do it. I loved sixties music;
					Brit rock stars were the shit. I wanted that sound so bad. And almost as much as
					I wanted the band, I wanted that lifestyle. I wanted it more than anything.
						<span class="italic">I could taste it.</span> The band was going to be the
					sixties Mach II .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. the Yardbirds on liquid nitrogen.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We’d all move to Boston and get down to the serious
					business of becoming famous. We had everything else, now all we needed was the
					fame to go with it. And being that I’m a little more crazed than most people,
					once I saw the light, I went for it hell for leather. My bags packed, at the end
					of that summer I said good-bye to my mom and dad, going, “Okay, here we go, this
					is the shit.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">T</span>he day
					we drove down—and here you have to stretch out the syllables—<span
						class="italic">d-r-o-o-o-o-ve</span> down to Boston from New Hampshire, I
					remember looking out the window at the trees and hills rolling by. I was feeling
					a little pensive (for me). I was a bit anxious about moving in with everybody;
					but at the same time I was ecstatic. It was a <span class="italic">good</span>
					anxiety, nervous and excited at the same time. And just then, the highway opened
					up—right at the junction, right at that spot on the highway where you see the
					skyline of Boston, and you go, “<span class="italic">What!?</span>” Because it
					suddenly goes from trees, woods, and crickets to cars flashing by and
					skyscrapers and apartment buildings. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. Just at that moment, I
					went, “Oh, shit, <span class="italic">the city</span>!” I was sitting in the
					backseat. I grabbed a box of tissues from the back window of the car and asked
					if anyone had a pen and started to write on the bottom of the Kleenex box.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’m in my bubble in the car. It’s like a projection
					booth where I’m screening our future on the windshield, a wide-screen movie of
					coming attractions—I can see it! Joe’s Les Paul gnawing through reality like a
					sonic shark, little pop tarts throwing their panties onstage, the high of fusing
					twenty thousand people into your own fantasy. The car’s moving (it’s also in the
					movie) .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. images and words colliding, generating a kind of spell of
					what I wanted to happen.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">At the moment that I saw the Boston skyline, words
					began flooding into my head: <span class="italic">Fuck, we gotta make it, no,
						break it, man, make it. We can’t break up, we gotta make it, break it, make
						it, you know, make it. </span>And I began writing: <span class="italic"
						>“Make it, make it, make it, break it,</span>” saying the words over and
					over to myself as I wrote them, like a prospector panning sand in a stream, back
					and forth and back and forth—water and sand, water and sand—until a little
					nugget emerges out of the sand. And there in the back of the car I thought to
					myself, <span class="italic">What would I fuckin’ say to an audience? If we
						write songs, get up onstage, I’m gonna be looking the audience in the eye,
						and what am I gonna say? What would I want to say? </span>I’m starting to
					pan for the gold: <span class="italic">What do I say? What would I want to say?
						What’s cool to say?</span> All those ideas were beginning to gell into one
					fuckin’ phrase. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. Whoops, here we go!</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Um .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.
						good evening, people, welcome to the show .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">[First-person, me
					singing to the audience .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.&nbsp;]</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I got something here I
						want you all to know .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">[The collective we, the
					band .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.&nbsp;]</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">We’re rockin’ out, check
						our cool .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">[Um, no, no, that’s no
					good, uh, talk about my feelings .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.&nbsp;]</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">When life and people
						bring on primal screams,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You got to think of what
						it’s gonna take to make your dreams,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Make it
						.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Oh, fuck yeah! Now I’m scribbling like crazy on the
					Kleenex box.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You know that history
						repeats itself</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">But you just learned so
						by somebody else</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You know you do, you
						gotta think the past</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You gotta think of what
						it’s gonna take to make it last;</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Make it, don’t break
						it!</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Make it, don’t break
						it! Make it!</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">And there it was, first song, first record. Put
					that in your pipe. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
