<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 5.xhtml</title>
		<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="chapter-5">
			<div class="generated-style-2">
				<a id="chapter-five-anchor"></a><p class="x1chap-num" xml:lang="en-us"><span
						class="hyperlink"><a href="Contents.xhtml#chapter-5">CHAPTER
					FIVE</a></span></p>
				<p class="x1chap-ttl" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="bold">Confessions of a
						<br />Rhyme-a-Holic</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="dropcap">W</span>hen I was in my
					late teens, seventeen or eighteen, I used to come home from one-night stands
					with local New Hampshire bands like Click Horning and Twitty and Smitty and
					crash at Trow-Rico, fucked-up on trashy skunk New England weed. I began to write
					a song on an old Este pump organ about alienation. The ancient Victorian
					instrument, made in vermont in 1863, lived in the studio where my dad practiced
					piano four hours a day.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">In order to play on the pump organ, I’d have to
					sneak time during the day while the guests were swimming at Dewey Beach. The
					song started with a melody in my right hand that rocked back and forth
					hypnotically, out of the ether. That was “Dream On.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I began it in F-minor with a C, C-sharp dischord.
					That gave it a haunting, Edgar Allen Poe kind of feel. I wrote much of the body
					of the song in Sunapee, where I knew I had something. The verses were composed
					at the Logan Hilton when we were working on our first album.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’ve always said it’s about hunger, desire,
					ambition—a song to give to myself. Something about it was nostalgic and
					familiar, as if it’d been written by someone else years before (but if no one
					has, then you know you’re into something), or perhaps like I had written it
					years later and was looking back on all the things that have happened to me over
					the last four decades. “Pink,” off <span class="italic">Nine Lives, </span>felt
					that way, like it was somebody else’s. However interpreted, my primordial
					thought was that maybe I wasn’t put here on earth just to mow lawns.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Every time that I look
						in the mirror</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">All these lines in my
						face getting’ clearer</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">The past is gone. .
						.</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Stream of consciousness mixed with the Grimm’s
					fairy tales my mother read to me from the crib till I had to read them to
					myself.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Sing with me, sing for
						the years</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Sing for the laughter
						and sing for the tears</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Sing with me, if it’s
						just for today</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Maybe tomorrow the good
						Lord will take you away</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">The lyics to “Dream On” came in a thought . . . and
					my train of thought stops at every station.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">By pure crazy chance last summer I found the very
					organ on which I’d written “Dream On,” in a house on the lake road near where I
					live. That road has become for me a kind of metaphor for my life. Beginning in
					the woods near my house, I remember the days I’d be up in Sunapee at the start
					of winter, really scared in the dark and not knowing what to do with my life.
					Then farther on, the road winds down to the harbor where Joe and I used to
					hang.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">The road forms a loop, a three-mile jog that
					meanders past houses quaint and grand, beside grassy green fields, up and down
					grades. I would make the trek every morning for two months to prime myself for
					any upcoming tour. Nobody would ever guess that I get the breath to sing “Don’t
					Want to Miss a Thing” in fucking Russia from running this friggin’ loop. If I
					could make it up Heartbreak Hill down into the harbor and back up to the house
					still in one heart-pumping, breathless piece, I’d be ready for the campaign.
					Sometimes I’d run right off the end of the dock into the water, anointed by the
					waters of Mother Nature, baptized by freezing Lake Sunapee.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">In live performance, before I go and sing that high
					note in “Dream On,” I do a little hyperventilating. I look down (like this—use
					your imagination) and I breathe in and out, in and out, rapidly . . . then I go,
						<span class="italic">“yeaahhh,” </span>and I hold my breath where anyone
					else if they were underwater would be going, “I gotta come up for air!” I
					learned how to go past that in part by making those treks around the lake . . .
					for the sake of holding the note.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Over the last ten years, as the condition of my
					feet has deteriorated from stomping stages since the seventies, the loop has
					become more and more challenging, but more on the wounded rock warrior
					later.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">One night, during a nonaerobic stroll on the loop,
					I passed a house that was glistening with a flickering flame inside. The house
					was called “Witch Way.” Outside there were gargoyles and mannequins and twisty
					limbs from trees. I’d seen this house many times before, and every time I went
					past it I’d go, “I’d love to meet the person who lives there.” I’d stop out
					front and yell, “Hello, I love you in there!”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">This time I shouted a little louder, and a sweet
					middle-aged couple, Sherry and Philip, invited me in. Philip’s a contractor;
					Sherry is a sculptor. Amazing bizarre stuff she’s made is all over the house.
					“Oh, my god,” I say, “can I look around?” A sculpture made out of a cello,
					another one—I can barely describe it—made out of gourds. And dried sunflowers.
					It looked like <span class="italic">The Wizard of Oz. </span>Meanwhile, on a
					huge flat-screen TV, <span class="italic">America’s Got Talent </span>is on the
					tube. Twenty girls that any guy would love to do.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">In the front room, there’s an old organ, just like
					the one on which I’d written “Dream On.” I began playing and I felt like I was
					levitating. The organ felt very familiar. I was transported back to Trow-Rico
					all those years ago when I grabbed a few chords out of the air. Turns out, it
					was an Este pump organ made in Vermont in 1863—the exact type we had up at
					Trow-Rico.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Where did you get this?” I asked.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“There was an old antiques store down at the harbor
					right across from the community store and the organ was sitting out on the
					porch,” she explained.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">So they’d bought it in the eighties, which would
					have been about the time my dad sold Trow-Rico. Talk about serendipity! I’m
					called by my muse into a house that I’d never been inside, and there’s my old
					friend, the “Dream On” pump organ. Was it possible? I sat down, laid my hands
					upon the keys, and pulled out all the F-stops as I did thirty-five years ago. As
					I started pumping the organ, I could feel her start to breathe. We made musical
					love right then and there.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Sherry said she bought the organ at an auction in
					Sunapee the fall after my parents sold Trow-Rico and that it’s most likely the
					same organ. “I think the organ has a poltergeist in it that’s somehow attached
					to the crystal vase,” she told us. “I’d always kept this little crystal vase on
					top of the organ, but after we moved I decided to put it on the bookshelf. One
					night I was sitting on the floor drawing when this vase came off the shelf and
					hit me in the back, you know, but since I put it back on the organ, it hasn’t
					done it in nine years.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I made Sherry promise me that if she ever sells
					that organ, she’ll let me make the first offer. It’s the shit. It really truly
					is a pump organ with all the stops. A strange thing about antiques— they had
					another life before we get introduced to them. It’s like an ancient string of
					beads that you might find in Mesopotamia. You don’t know who they could have
					belonged to. They tell you only “These are beads from the ancient lands, found
					in the ruins.” Or they were found in a barnacle-encrusted chest off the coast of
					the Holy Land. Did they once hang around Mary Magdalene’s neck?</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">W</span>hen a
					song comes to you and you write it in ten minutes, you think, <span
						class="italic">There it is. Dropped in our laps like a stork dropping a
						baby. It was always there. The song. On the inside. . . </span>I just had to
					get rid of the placental crap that was around it. Because at the end of the day,
					who really wrote that? If Dylan were here, he would tell you in his laid-back
					Bobness, “Well, now where would it come from?” Out of the blue, lines come to
						<span class="italic">you . . .</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You think you’re in
						love like it’s a real sure thing</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">But every time you fall,
						you get your ass in a sling</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You say you<a
							id="anchor-anchor"></a>’re in love, but now it’s “Oooh, baby,
						please,”</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">‘Cause fallin’ in love
						is so hard on the knees</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">You see it floating there and say, “This should be
					caught.” It’s like those Native American dream catchers. I look at those and go,
					“Oh, my god, that’s my fuckin’ brain!” I would see something or hear Joe
					playing, I’d yell, “<span class="italic">Whoa, whoa! </span>What was <span
						class="italic">that</span>?” Or a passage in a Beach Boys song where they go
					to the bridge and I’ll hear an entire song in there.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">W</span>hen I
					was a kid, my mom would read me all these stories and poems, Dickens and
					Tennyson and Emily Dickinson. That’s where I got my rhyming from. I’m a
					rhyme-a-holic. It made me curious in life to wonder why, when you look out the
					back window of your car and you stop for a red light, the world seems to be
					coming back at you. Everything you pass catches up to you; poems from the past can turn into songs in the
					present through curiosity and imagination.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">But it catches up to you, like when I had dreams
					about flying or floating up to the ceiling and then out the window and over a
					city. I’d have a piece of wood, be on a hill, slap it to my chest, and I’d catch
					winds like a sled does snow and start lifting up and I’d fall and roll down the
					hill and I’d grab it again and catch the winds and be afraid I’d fall down again
					and get back up and those winds would blow me out to sea. I’d go so high and
					find myself in a tree. And I’d wake up going, “Are there cars that levitate?”
					I’d feel that sensation in my chest like when you fall. The stories inspired the
					dreams, so thank you, Mom, for the stories.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I was twizzling the little skull I have twined in
					my braid and went, <span class="italic">hmmm, hmmm. </span>I started off with
					something that everyone’s familiar with, like a line from “Dream On.”</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Every time I look in
						the mirror</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">All these lines on my
						face getting clearer</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Sing with me, sing for
						the ye-ears.</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’ll grab a little of that and throw it in like
					yeast. It’s 2010, and if I was to connect the dots from “Dream On” till now, I
					would say:</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">All the lines on my
						face as I sang for the years</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">was the skull in my
						braid barely down to my ears?</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I could deal with the
						screamin, you know how that goes</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">when the skull in my
						braid hung down to my nose.</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">And you get the rhythm going and in no time at all
					it’s writing itself.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I’ll have had me a
						pint and be hanging with Keith</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">when the skull in my
						braid’s grown down to my teeth.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">If I’m not on tour,
						well, you’ll know where I’ve been</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">when the skull in my
						braid’s grown down to my chin.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">When the agents and
						labels get round to a check,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">that old skull on my
						braid will be down to my neck.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">And I’ll take that old
						check and I’ll rip it to bits</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">by the time my old skull
						has grown down to my tits.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">With my girl in the
						sun and I’ll maybe get faced</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">when the skull in my
						braid’s grown down to my waist.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I’ll be rippin it up
						with a mouth full of sass</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">when the skull in my
						braid’s lookin down at my ass.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">And life’ll be good
						and life will be sweet</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">if that skull in my
						braid makes it down to my feet.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">It’s been second to
						none, that no life can compare,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">when that skull in my
						braid gets cut out of my hair.</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Yesterday and today I was thinking about the
					timelines between the verse and the curse (chorus) and how it all works
					together. There are four elements to writing a song, or as they say in comic
					book land . . . the <span class="italic">Fantastic Four. </span>If you break it
					down, there’s melody, words, chords, and rhythm—put those down in any order and
					you’ve got something you can play to piss your parents off.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">When I was married, I used to think of myself in
					the third person. I would say to my wife, “Well, I can’t believe you’re married
					to this guy in a band,” you know. “How could you <span class="italic">do
					</span>that?” Then a couple of years ago my daughter Liv called me up and said
					she was marrying Royston, another guy in a band. There it was again, like a
					shadow, you know.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">My ex-wife called me last night and I thought,
						<span class="italic">Well, you know what? I love her, </span>and she’s
					picking up my son and I’m thinking about my girlfriend Erin and the girlfriends
					I’ve had in life, where I’ve been, two divorces and stuff. All fodder for the
					passionate pen. If you have a child with a woman you’ll understand that when you
					write a song with somebody it’s like having a child with them. You’re birthing,
					you’re evoking the spirits of a moment in time, specific moments, seconds, so
					for better or worse I’d come up with a scat. Trying to make sense of it all. . .
					. First it’s <span class="italic">“Hey, jaded!” </span>which later on in a magic
					moment turns into <span class="italic">“Hey, ja-ja-jaded,” </span>which puts it
					in a very rhythmic meter with a four-four time signature. It’s a picture of my
					temperament set to music.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">O</span>nce you
					have a melody, that’s your hat rack, a hat rack that can hold many hats—the hats
					are the words you throw on top of it. Or you can <span class="italic">scat
					</span>and by scatting, summon up lyrics. Once you have lyrics, you can let the
					words come up with melody. Those lines <span class="italic">“back when Cain was
						able way before the stable” </span>from “Adam’s Apple,” you know where those
					came out of? Scatting.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I would listen back, along with the rough of the
					song, and I would <span class="italic">hear </span>lyrics. Every time. Tapped
					right into my own subcontinent. It would jump right out at me from the scat. I
					could play you scats and if you listened close enough, you would hear the lyrics
					that I wrote. Not unlike psychoacoustics. If two people are playing, you hear
					things in the middle. If two notes are played or people are singing . . . there
					is a tone on the <span class="italic">in-between.
						Ham-onics-slash-psychoacoustics-slash-vibe. </span>The scat <span
						class="italic">kink </span>became <span class="italic">Pink. </span>The scat
					to the Beatles’ classic “Yesterday” was <span class="italic">scrambled eggs.
					</span>Fucking magic.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">You take off from there. . . . You don’t know what
					you’re singing or what chord it is. It’s all done as if you’re in the middle of
					a desert with two long poles and a lot of little sticks. The people from the
					town come out and they’re wondering how you got up there, how you climbed up the
					palm tree on the rungs of your own voice and the lyrics you wrote. “Oh, my god,
					look at that! He’s singing! How’d he get up there?” You build a ladder. A song
					is a kind of ladder, too, but that you’ve got to build without little sticks.
					Never mind the melody, never mind the chords—no, no, no. You start with
					infatuation, obsession, passion, anger, zeal, craze, then take a handful of
					notes, sew them into a chord structure, create a melody over that, and then come
					up with words that fit it perfectly. “Oh, my god, what <span class="italic">is
					</span>that? He’s up there singing and he climbed up on air, on his vocal
					chords.” Well, yeah, I got up there on my own nasty scat . . . <span
						class="italic">O-uh-OH-EEE-uh-ee-yeehn! O-uh-OH-EEE-uh-ee-yeehn! </span>It’s
					a deep-dish apple pie, baby.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">You know right away if a song has that magic. It
					has to have those extremes—the one thing it can’t be is <span class="italic"
						>okay. </span>Okay is death. Okay is a jingle or a ring tone—not even that!
					You look at the person you’re writing with and say to yourself, <span
						class="italic">God, this is gonna be either great or suck. Dare ya!
					</span>Those are the only two possible choices you got! There are a lot of
					musicians that are schooled and learned and playing piano in the bar at the Four
					Seasons or Days Inn, and they’re <span class="italic">really good. </span>Their
					problem is they never learned how to be really <span class="italic">bad.
					</span>See, when I go and sing a song with an artist like Pink, I say, “Oh, man,
					I can fuck that song up <span class="italic">good.” </span>It’s a figure of
					speech for me . . . kinda my mantra. Because that’s what <span class="italic">I
						do. </span>I know I’m going to <span class="italic">rip </span>it a new
					asshole and I’m going to take it big into the passionate pool. That’s what I
					know how to do.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Tom Hamilton (bless his fat strings and good heart)
					wasn’t sitting in a room with the insight and forethought of going, “Fuck! WHO
					wrote those Kinks albums?” I had that thought because I knew that they—<span
						class="italic">he</span>—Ray fucking Davies—wrote those records. Where did
					the invention come from, the flash from wherever to write a song and get
					together a bunch of guys to just start playing and maybe make a mistake and take
					that mistake, save it, and turn it into something you’re proud of? Own your
					mistakes! Write something, sing something—as bad or good as it is—that no one
					has come up with. I sat with Joe and went, “OH, MY GOD”; we wrote a song after
					that riff he was playing and I jumped on it and it naturally became “Movin’
					Out.” And that’s how “Dream On” came to me . . . natural. The voice inside never
					stops asking, <span class="italic">What am I gonna sing about? </span>Questions
					upon questions. <span class="italic">Why </span>has Janie got a gun? What’s my
					first verse? What’s the third verse? What’s the chorus and the prechorus gonna
					sound like? How will the end go?</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">What did her daddy do?
						It’s Janie’s last IOU</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">She’s gonna take him
						down easy and put a bullet in his head</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Oh, my god! Now’s she’s done it! <span
						class="italic">Now it makes sense from the beginning. </span>Sometimes I
					think I’ve given more forethought to <span class="italic">that </span>than to
					getting married, having kids, getting a driver’s license, going to school,
					college. It transcends the Everything because it <span class="italic">is
					</span>the Everything.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Songs are never in plain sight, they’re under your
					skin; if anything, the best are peripheral and then they pop out like a baby.
					Did I want to get that song out with its head crowning out of the vagina of the
					music? <span class="italic">YES! </span>And in some cases, like “Jaded,” those
					breech-birth songbabies caused so big a disruption in my life that I endangered
					my marriage, squandered the time I should have spent with my children, just to
					get that song out.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
