<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 7.xhtml</title>
		<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="chapter-7">
			<div class="generated-style">
				<a id="chapter-seven-anchor"></a><p class="x1chap-num" xml:lang="en-us"><span
						class="hyperlink"><a href="Contents.xhtml#chapter-7">CHAPTER
						SEVEN</a></span></p>
				<p class="x1chap-ttl" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="bold">Noise in the Attic
						<br />(Snow Days)</span></p>
				<p class="x1epi-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">The buzz that you’re
						gettin’</span></p>
				<p class="x1epi-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">From the crack don’t
						last</span></p>
				<p class="x1epi-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I’d rather be ODin’ in
						the crack of her ass</span></p>
				<p class="x1cred" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sc-bold">STEVEN TYLER AND JOE PERRY,
						“FEVER”</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="dropcap">T</span>hose were the
					days when AIDS was not yet in the world. You couldn’t die from getting laid.
					Those were different days. And cocaine! Doctors said it was not addictive
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. it was <span class="italic">habituating</span>. They didn’t know
					at the time that the drug would eventually take a sharp turn after a certain
					day. Blow, once the life of the party, became the stuff of fear and loathing,
					the source of devious and secretive behavior, and the mother of all lies. “What,
					me? No, I don’t have any!” “Sorry, ran out, bummer, man!” “Nope. Hey, I gotta go
					to the bathroom.” And that’s where the rock ’n’ roll bathroom came from. That’s
					when people started keeping stuff in <span class="italic">two</span> pockets—you
					had your courtesy bindle you’d share, so people didn’t do too much, and you had
					your main stash in your sock. And thus sin and doubt entered our happy
					world.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Fame derails people—not to mention the drugs. But
					drugs were nothing new to me. I’d had a lot of practice with drugs; I’d been
					getting high since I was sixteen. I was getting high <span class="italic"
						>all</span> the time back then. It was part of my education. Ray and I would
					set our alarm for four o’clock, drop acid, go back to sleep, and then wake up at
					five thirty or six just slammin’. It really started before that with speed, so
					much so that I wrote a poem .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
				<p class="x1po-first" xml:lang="en-us">Set your alarm, it’ll do you no harm to get
					off while you’re asleep</p>
				<p class="x1po-mid" xml:lang="en-us">You’ll get off so fast, with the next hit you
					blast</p>
				<p class="x1po-last" xml:lang="en-us">You’ll do in a day what you could in a
					week</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">With speed your brain knew you took it and you were
					up. But acid, you could take it and go back to sleep. We’d get up and go to high
					school tripping our brains out. I used to smoke pot and listen to the Beatles,
					trying to decipher their lyrics. With grass you could read between the lines
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. with acid there was nothing <span class="italic">but</span>
					between the lines—both essential talents of the times. “Norwegian Wood,” now
					what could that possibly mean? Today, it would be as obvious as the balls on a
					tall dog. Smoking pot was so much better than drinking—which I also did, of
					course. God, a couple of drinks and you go to that same old place, but smokin’
					the good stuff and you’re up in your fucking way-out-o-sphere.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">The great red hash was hard to come by, as were
					Thai sticks and Nepalese temple balls .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. real round ones. It had
					such a sticky, resiny, sweet, tangy taste. It’s a real dream-inducing high.
					People would tell you it was laced with opium, but why would anyone lace a
					common drug like hash with something as expensive and rare as opium? Another
					urban legend gone wild. Not too different from the one where the girl supposedly
					fucked herself to death on the gearshift knob. That one we wanted to
					believe.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">My mom used to ask me, “If you’re already on such a
					high from finally having made it, why do you <span class="italic">need</span> to
					get any higher?” But I did, anyway. When you grow up doin’ drugs, chances are
					you’re gonna spend the rest of your life doing drugs. They were never to put out
					the pain. I would drop acid and run up the hill to the ski lodge. I’d drop and
					go to Bash Bish Falls, upstate New York, and stay in the woods all day. I would
					drop acid and go from Friday to Sunday night trippin’ on the aqueduct, riding my
					minibike with Tommy Tabano, Ray’s brother, who just passed away last year. Bless
					his heart. He was a big part of my yesterday.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">So we were all off and running, all in bed with the
					same girl .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. Mary Jane. I was good onstage so why not be high, too?
					I was already addicted to adrenaline, so why not get higher, as Sly Stone
					preached? Using in spite of adverse consequences. Certain things happened in
					this band that weren’t drug induced, although there haven’t been many. I’ve
					always felt that we couldn’t take one step forward without two or three
					back.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">But let me don the Devil’s Drug Advocate hat for a
					minute .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. a sociocultural rant, if you will. Why are drugs
					eternally attached to unpleasant hippie references? For those who OD’d
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. drugs are bad! Yes. But some of us could do them. Great
					seekers—writers like Carlos Castaneda and Aldous Huxley. Did they take <span
						class="italic">trips </span>(like I did) up the side of a mountain to a ski
					lodge in the summer just to smell the wildflowers and watch the foxes run and
					stare as the clouds hypnotically floated by? Are all drugs bad just because some
					of them took over my life from time to time? I wrote some beautiful songs under
					the influence, just as jimson weed inspired Carlos Castaneda when he was writing
					his Don Juan iconic novels. By the way, I was getting the cues when I was eight
					years old. Sinatra’s “Come Fly with Me.” Even then, I didn’t interpret those
					lyrics as come fly with me on a big old jet airliner. It was metaphorical, and
					guess what? A lot of us kids back then picked up on those things. Santa Claus,
					the Easter Bunny, Alice in Wonderland. If anyone has ever tipped on acid, in
					their heart of hearts and mind of minds they have experienced what it’s like to
					truly fall down the Rabbit Hole. And when the drugs hit full on, you <span
						class="italic">are</span> in Wonderland.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Life is something to be reckoned with. Winter has
					to be reckoned with. For the cold, find something warm. Baby’s birthing? A shot
					of Jack Daniel’s to celebrate. Wine .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. Christ’s blood. But to me,
					it’s always been EUPHORIC. Why? Euphoric recall isn’t just drug based. It’s
					thinking back to your childhood and the best memories of those times—that’s
					euphoric recall. It’s wonderful. Aerosmith did drugs .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. drugs,
					drugs, and more drugs. Can it take you down? Yes. Did it take me (us) down?
					Well, we’re still here. But it’s also what life is all about. Watching whales
					breech; holding a baby bunny; getting a new puppy for Christmas .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.
					that feeling of GREAT. It’s all humans really want. They say in every moment,
					you have a choice to make between fear and love. I believe that. But all we
					really need at the end of the long and winding day is to be petted, to climax,
					to make love, and to be happy. And that is euphoric .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. with or
					without the hash coffin.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">By the time we were getting ready to make the
					second album, we all flew solo. We didn’t share drugs anymore; everyone had his
					own godlike, capable-of-anything-we-put-our-minds-to attitude. We storm trooped
					across America—three shows in a row—meet-and-greets every night (where the band
					quick-chats and shakes hands with fans who’ve managed an after-show pass thanks
					to a local radio station promotion), doing TV and radio interviews in every town
					we passed through. It was around this time that things started to get seriously
					out of control, but no one noticed because we were having too much fun. In the
					beginning, drugs seemed positively essential. We had to get high to get by,
					because no human had that kind of unworldly stamina and enthusiasm.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">When it came time to start recording our second
					album, <span class="italic">Get Your Wings,</span> in 1973, Bob Ezrin, Alice
					Cooper’s producer, was going to be our producer—which meant we were now in the
					big leagues—as the title of the album implied. So we were about to get ours.
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. Then Bob Ezrin came and saw the band and wrote, “They’re not
					ready.” I saw the note; I’ve got it somewhere. I take it out every once in a
					while and look at it and a little steam comes out of my ears. But Jack Douglas,
					who was then Ezrin’s assistant, also saw us and loved the band. He told Ezrin we
					were the long-foretold Great American Band. Jack Douglas, a fucking
					visionary!</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">So Ezrin said, “Well, Jack, you want to do ’em, you
					do ’em.” That’s how Jack Douglas got the job—us—isn’t that great! Naturally we
					were a little resentful at first when we met Jack. I was thinking, “Ezrin
					doesn’t think we’re ready, well, fuck you guys!” <span class="italic">I knew we
						were because I knew what we had.</span> Actually, who knew back then, right?
					But when you win in the end, you can always go, “You know? I <span
						class="italic">knew</span>.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We relied on the drugs for recording, touring,
					partying, fucking—anything at all, really. But we already knew there was a dark
					side to all this, as in the lyrics to “Same Old Song and Dance.”</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Gotcha with the
						cocaine they found with your gun</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">No smoothy face lawyer
						to getcha undone</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Say love ain’t the same
						on the south side of town</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You could look, but you
						ain’t gonna find it around</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">It’s the same old
						story, same old song and dance, my friend</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">It’s the same old story,
						same old story</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">same old song and
						dance</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Fate comes a-knockin’,
						doors start lockin’</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Your old-time
						connection, change your direction</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Ain’t gonna change it,
						can’t rearrange it</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Can’t stand the pain
						when it’s all the same to you, my friend</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Seasons of Wither” was a song that had been
					germinating in my head for a long time, but the other more sinister tracks, like
					“Lord of the Thighs,” came from the seedy area where we recorded the album.
					“Lord of the Thighs” was about a pimp and the wildlife out on the street
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Well, well, Lordie my
						God,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">What do we got
						here?</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">She’s flashin’ cross the
						floor,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Make it perfectly
						clear.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You’re the bait, and
						you’re the hook,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Someone’s bound to take
						a look.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I’m your man, child,
						Lord of the Thighs.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You must have come here
						to find it,</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">You’ve got the look in
						your eyes.</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Although you really
						don’t mind it—</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I am the Lord of your
						Thighs! </span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Get Your Wings</span> came out
					in 1974 and got us a couple of hits on rock radio—“Same Old Song and Dance” and
					“Train Kept a-Rollin’ ”—and it was back on the road again.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">I</span> love
					going out on that stage. You come out of your dressing room, head down that gray
					cinder-block corridor with bodyguards and road manager flanking you, up a ramp,
					onto the stage, and there you are—twenty-five thousand Blue Army Aerosmith
					faithful out there waiting for you to light the fuse. It’s a high that I’m not
					sure ever goes away. After some <span class="italic">doot da doot</span> started
					waving that .45 around during a Ted Nugent set, the threat of some moron taking
					a shot had me worried I’d be next. But if I keep moving, no way they can hit me.
					That’s when I adopted a Tigger mentality and I’ve been dancing my ass off ever
					since.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Ray Davies knew how to work a stage. The Kinks are
					the most underrated band of the sixties British rock invasion and to this day
					everyone knows who they are. Never mind the Bible, that one song, “You Really
					Got Me,” it <span class="italic">was</span> the Bible! Oh, my god, it was the
					shit! And then they were smart enough to follow it up with “All Day and All of
					the Night,” which was “You Really Got Me” on steroids.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">You know why they sang it like that? Shel Talmey,
					their producer, thought that Ray Davies couldn’t sing, so he told him to blurt
					it out in short little telegraphic outbursts. That way you don’t have to <span
						class="italic">sing</span> the <span class="italic">melody</span>. Fucking
					genius, because every word hammers at you, every word is <span class="italic"
						>percussion </span>in that song. I love that. If you can’t think, don’t
					speak in long sentences. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. And if you can’t sing, don’t try to
					carry a long melody! But of course the Kinks did all these other things, too.
					What a ballad, “Waterloo Sunset.” Then they went off into all those crazy operas
					and concept records: <span class="italic">Lola vs. the Powerman &amp; the
						Money-Go-Round Pt. 1,</span>
					<span class="italic">Preservation: Act 1 </span>and<span class="italic">
						Preservation: Act 2</span> .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. 100-amp fuse-blowing arena
					rock.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Shit happens between bands on the road. We played a
					show one time at Harrisburg Arena in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania—it was one of
					those places where they usually sell horses and cattle, so the place stunk of
					manure—and Queen would not go on because we were the headliners. They refused to
					open for us and the show was canceled.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Another time we were opening for Bachman-Turner
					Overdrive and they sabotaged the scrim that would fly the Aerosmith wings. Their
					roadies rigged the cables holding up the flag of the Blue Army so that when
					Kelly pulled on them, the fucking pipe bent and the wings crashed. We learned
					that the best way to beat sabotage on the road was to just kick ass every night
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. and that’s just what we did.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Marko Hudson told me a great story about David
					Coverdale when Whitesnake was opening for Ozzy Osbourne. Coverdale supposedly
					showed up at the venue on more than one occasion with a pair of hookers wearing
					white fur coats and toting two Afghan dogs. Ozzy hated it. He called him a
					“prat.” The crew was instructed to lay down silver duct tape that would lead
					Coverdale to his dressing room. One night, before Sir David arrived, Ozzy took
					the tape up himself and redirected the trail—to the boiler room.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We were playing in Lincoln, Nebraska, one time.
					That’s where Joey and I got busted for throwing firecrackers out the window of a
					Holiday Inn. The bill was Aerosmith, Kansas, and the Elvin Bishop Group. Elvin
					Bishop had that hit single “I Fooled Around and Fell in Love.” Crazy Raymond or
					“Ray Gourmet” as we called him at the time, had it in our contract rider that we
					had to have a <span class="italic">turkey-on-the-bone</span> dinner every
					fucking night backstage after the show. Not turkey loaf, not turkey roll, not
					pressed turkey, but a fresh fucking turkey-on-the-bone dinner, even though we
					never ate it because everybody was so out there all the time and just wanted to
					get out of the venue and back to the hotel. Nine out of ten shows, we’d get
					turkey roll with bubbles in the meat or some mystery meat that looked like
					hockey pucks and tasted like a Frye boot. And that’s just what we got in
					Lincoln. I lost it. We gave the stuff to Kansas. They ate it and loved it. I
					guess that <span class="italic">futuristic </span>meat was one of the reasons
					why they were a great prog band.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Speaking of meat, I found out years later (through
					a crew member confessional) that when the techs would get pissed off at the
					band, they’d wipe their ass with the bologna and put it back on the deli tray.
					Come to think of it, I always thought the bologna on tour had an anal tinge.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Being on tour with Jeff Beck was one of the
					highlights of my career. One time we were performing in Chicago at Comiskey Park
					and Jeff Beck came out and played “Train Kept a-Rollin’ ” with us. It was
					incredible. Then the stage manager comes running right out onstage and yells,
					“You’re burning the building down!” We thought he meant that the band was on
					fire. Joe and Brad have been known to rip some pretty hot leads. But the
					building was really burning. The asphalt and tar on the roof caught fire and the
					place was going up in flames. That night, we burned the house down
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. twice.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We always knew that our old manager, Frank
					Connally, was hooked up with some shady characters. But now Frank’s old business
					partners were coming home to roost. A big boxing promoter (we’ll call him “Tony
					Marooka”) claimed he wasn’t getting his share and came to collect. “Frank told
					me I’d be taken care of,” he said. “I’ll break fuckin’ Steven Tyler’s legs if
					you don’t do right by me.” David Krebs went into the Celtics dressing room with
					Marooka and there was a powwow. Krebs took care of it by laying some dead
					presidents on him. I had no idea this was going on; one of those rare
					transactions where I was glad to be out of the loop.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">J</span>anuary
					1975 .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. in the midst of a spine-chilling, ball-freezing New York
					winter, we began work on our third album, <span class="italic">Toys in the
						Attic. </span>I came up with the title because of its obvious meanings and
					since people thought we were fucking crazy anyway, what did it matter? I wasn’t
					hip to the 1960 Tony Award–nominated Broadway play of the same name or its 1963
					Oscar-nominated film adaptation. Didn’t matter if I had been. This was
					Aerosmith’s <span class="italic">Toys in the Attic</span> .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.
					singular, sexy, and psychosensational.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">My creative chi ebbed and flowed from tongue in
					puss to tongue in cheek. I’ve always been tactile and oral. Maybe too much love
					from my mother? But it became obvious to me in later years that the passion I
					had was unlike that of other males, and unfortunately, on various occasions,
					that passion wasn’t shared by other members of the band.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’ve been misquoted as saying that I’m more female
					than male. Let me set the record straight—it’s more half and half, and I love
					the fact that my feelings are akin to <span class="italic">puella eternis</span>
					(Latin for “the eternal girl”). What better to be like than the stronger of the
					species? I mean, women are the superior beings, are they not? Sure the male
					brings the food home, but can they birth children and feed them from their
					breast? Woman has compassion, which man lacks. I feel I was born with those same
					feminine compassions.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">People wind up stashing their memories in the
					attic, a traditionally nostalgic place—your old teddy bear, <span class="italic"
						>Archie</span> comic books, Slinkys, family heirlooms, a favorite moth-eaten
					sweater, photos of childhood, your old roller skates, tickets to a Stones
					concert, Mia’s crib. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">The other reason I came up with <span
						class="italic">Toys in the Attic</span> was that I knew we’d made it. I was
					the kid who put my initials in the rock ’cause I wanted the aliens to know I was
					there. It’s a statement of longevity. The record will be played long after
					you’re dead. Our records would be up there in the attic, too, with the things
					that you loved and never wanted to forget<span class="italic">.</span> And to
					me, Aerosmith was becoming that. I knew how the Beatles, the Animals, and the
					Kinks did it—with lyrics and titles. I saw reason and rhyme in all the lunacy
					that we were concocting.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Leaving the things
						that are real behind</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Leaving the things that
						you loved remind</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">All of the things that
						you learned from fears</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Nothing is left but the
						years</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Joe was jamming a riff and I started yelling,
					“Toys, toys toys.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.” Organic, immediate, infectious
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. fucking amazing. Once again, the Toxic Twins ride off into the
					sunset .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. this time, the sunset of the attic. Joe’s been my
					inspiration on more songs than I would ever tell him. Sometimes, just his
					presence in the room is enough to inspire lyrics to the greatest melody. It’s
					proved itself on every record we’ve ever done. I’m friends with some of the best
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but I’m partners with almost none. He’s so much more than the
					real thing. Coke has nothing on Joe Perry. Like leaves on an artichoke, the more
					layers you peel off, the closer you get to the heart. Guitar players jam</p>
				<p class="x1song-only-spab" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Toys, toys, toys
						.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. in the attic!</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I just started singing and it fit like chocolate
					and peanut butter. Joe plays his ass off on that song. He used to sprawl across
					the couch with the TV on and play guitar at the same time. I’d come in and say,
					“What are you doing?” and he’d say, “I’m just watching TV.” “No you’re not.
					You’re writing a song,” I’d fire back. And all I can say is, Thank you, Thomas
					Edison for inventing the tape recorder. Joe played stuff unconsciously. It
					didn’t matter what key or tempo. That came later. Just playing; just feeling;
					just being Joe fuckin’ Perry.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Tom Hamilton—same thing. He’s come up with these
					slippery, slimy, melodically delicious out-of-the-blue bass lines from practice.
					He’d play stuff so down and dirty just from warming up, and it would turn into a
					song. Like “Uncle Salty,” actually written on <span class="italic">his
					</span>guitar. Movie stars wanna be rock stars; guitar players wanna be lead
					singers; bass players wanna be guitar players.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Now she’s doin’ any
						for money and a penny</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">A sailor with a penny or
						two or three</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Hers is the cunning for
						men who come a-runnin’</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">They all come for fun
						and it seems to me</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">That when she cried at
						night, no one came</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">And when she cried at
						night, went insane</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Here I was thinking about an orphanage when I wrote
					those lyrics. I’d try and make the melody weep from the sadness felt when a
					child is abandoned. I pretended to know the headmaster to get inside his head
					and what I heard was</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Uncle Salty told me
						stories of a lonely</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Baby with a lonely kind
						of life to lead</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Her mammy was lusted,
						Daddy he was busted</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">They left her to be
						trusted till the orphan bleeds</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Inside was hell or barely tolerable, but she sang,
						“<span class="italic">It’s a sunny day outside my window .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.”
					</span>because I’m a sucker for a happy ending.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">The song title “Walk This Way” came from the Mel
					Brooks film <span class="italic">Young Frankenstein .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.
					</span>secondhand. Jack Douglas was discussing how Marty Feldman’s scene went,
					where he utters the (now) immortal line. It was hilarious and it stuck. I’d
					actually finished the song the night before our recording session and kept it in
					a bag that had all the other lyrics I’d written for the<span class="italic">
						Attic</span> LP. Arriving that day at the studio at 4:00 <span class="sc"
						>P.M</span>., I got out of the cab and realized that I’d left the bag in the
					car! Gone. Two hours later, I went upstairs. I sat down on the steps with my pen
					and wrote the words to “Walk This Way” on the wall. As I rewrote each line, the
					words all came back to me. Never saw the bag again.</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Backstroke lover
						always hidin’ neath the covers</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Till I talked to your
						daddy, he say</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">He said, “You ain’t seen
						nothin’ till you’re down on a muffin</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Then you’re sure to be
						changin’ your ways”</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I met a cheerleader, was
						a real young bleeder</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Oh the times I could
						reminisce</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">’Cause the best things
						of lovin’ with her sister and her cousin</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Only started with a
						little kiss</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Like this!</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-only-spab" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Walk this
						way!!!</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Toys in the Attic </span>came
					out in April 1975 and went gold. The rest of the year we spent on the road. This
					was the year it all changed for us. The album got good reviews and people
					started taking us more seriously—about fucking time! We toured with Rod Stewart
					and Ted Nugent. Ted is the definitive Paul Bunyan with an SG guitar—a man’s man.
					His music is in tune with the times, but his values are as old-fashioned as Davy
					Crockett’s coonskin cap. He’s so far to the right, he runs over his left! And if
					looks could kill, his wife would slay us all.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">T</span>our
					managers had it good back then. We didn’t know it, but every person they let in
					the back door, they got a gram of blow from. “You wanna come in? Cost you a
					gram, man! Ounce of coke! An ounce of coke’ll get you up close and personal!
					Yup! I’ll give you all the tickets you want. But make sure you got an ounce. And
					dude, it’s gotta be just like that last shipment.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">The Aerosmith crew were ruthless extorters of blow.
					I met these guys later on—we’d go back to the same cities ten more times and
					they would all come out of the woodwork and go, “You know, when I used to come
					here, Kelly would charge me in coke. The last time I saw you it cost me a
					fucking eight-ball just to get me in!” First it was a gram. Then it went up.
					Even among hustlers and dope fiends, there’s inflation. And that’s what they
					did; that’s why Jimmy, Kelly—whoever—were nowhere to be found. And the more
					famous a band got, the more blow. And who did we buy our blow from? Kelly!</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We drank a lot because of the blow and we got blown
					a lot because we drank a lot. My favorite cocktail was a Rusty Nail
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. Drambuie mixed with the finest Scotch and a twist of lemon. I
					found out later on that Eric Clapton and Ringo Starr were fellow Rusty Nailers.
					It’s a good thing we set that glass down or it would have been the rusty nail in
					all our coffins.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Kelly had a monstrous appetite for coke, and I say
					that from the point of view of one who had a pretty ferocious appetite himself.
					He was a human vacuum cleaner. Fort Wayne, Indiana, we got into town and the
					crew would introduce the infamous Kelly to the local stagehands. “Listen, sons
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.” Kelly could snort a week’s worth of their blow a foot from the
					baggie through midair. The guy would go, “What the fuck, man?” And Kelly would
					look at me and go, “Aaaahh—coke etiquette, Jack.” He had so much residue in his
					nostrils, he made it into Ripley’s Believe It or <span class="italic">Snot
					</span>!</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I once owned a Cessna Riley Conversion turbo,
					bought it in New Hampshire—twin-engine turboprop, safest plane in the air. My
					friend Zunk would fly it with his father. I’d be at the house and call him up,
					“Let’s go flying, Zunk,” and I’d swing over, pick up a gram, and we’d go up and
					do parabolics .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. where we’d pretend to go up around (and over) a
					clock: 10–11–12 (woeeee) .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. 1–2–3 and between 11–12–1–2 and 3, you
					are truly <span class="italic">weightless</span>. There’s nothing on the planet
					Earth like this. You can simulate it, but up there—<span class="italic">flying
						around the clock</span>—that’s the real deal.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">So one day our flight was canceled and the band had
					to get to Indiana. We’re flying from New Hampshire .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. just me,
					Zunk, and Joey. Zunk wants to show off for Joey so he goes into a parabolic. And
					I’ve got an ice chest in there. The ice chest goes up in the air and it’s
					hovering in front of Joey’s face. “What the fuck?” He’s freakin’ out. But even
					better, another time, we’re on the band plane and we happen to hit some nasty
					turbulence. I whip out my vial of coke, put a line on my thumb, grab a straw,
					and start to snort. Just then, the blow begins to <span class="italic"
						>float</span> up in the air .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. hovering like fairy dust in
					front of my face. I shove the straw up my nose and <span class="italic"
						>snifffff</span> the powder right out of the air! A gram of coke floated out
					of my bindle and into the air! I was known from then on as the human
					DustBuster—which turned into Dirt Devil, which turned into demon of screamin’.
					And then at one point, the demon o’ semen—but that’s another chapter.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">For a while we had a guy in the crew who was an
					ex-cop. Having worn a badge himself, he’d get friendly with the local cops in
					the towns we played, hang out with them, and they’d give us the stuff that they
					had taken off the kids. Fucking cops in uniform! They’d say, “Put your hands
					out,” and they’d put bags of weed and little dime bags of whatever in tinfoil in
					them. He could also buy guns from various people. So one time he goes, “Come
					here,” and pulls the bay down from the bottom of the bus. I look inside and
					there’s what I thought was an AK-16 and this shotgun with a huge clip. The clip
					was round. I’d never seen anything like it. You can’t even get one anymore. It’s
					known now as a weapon of mass destruction.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I took the AR-16 up to Henry’s house, went into his
					backyard, loaded it up, and said, “You know, this doesn’t look right.” I walked
					into his woods, pulled the trigger, and it went, <span class="italic"
						>rattttatttatttttt. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. </span>I had never shot a machine gun up
					till that point. I freaked! Then I ran back to Henry’s house, rolled it up in a
					blanket, went back to my house, took my boat out to the middle of Lake Sunapee,
					and threw it in the water. Rambo, I am not.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Whenever we wanted to snort blow together
					backstage, we’d say, “Let’s go have a production meeting,” and disappear into
					some little room and pack our beaks. There wasn’t anything subtle about it. It
					was, like, “Production meeting!” We’d take over an office and have a cop stand
					guard for us outside. We called it the “money room.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We were all gacked to the gills back then. <span
						class="italic">Gacked</span> is when you’ve done too much blow and your jaw
					starts moving like a robot, there’s white on the side of your lips—you’re
					babbling, speaking in tongues .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. <span class="italic"
						>rattling</span> on about <span class="italic">nothing</span>. It doesn’t
					matter what it is. You’d get to the end of some insane rant and go, “Wait a
					minute, did I just say that?” That was the norm back then. You’re so stoned and
					speeding, thinking about what to say while the other person’s speaking. You’re
					just <span class="italic">gacked</span>. That’s the best part. The worst part is
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. nothing’s funny. You could make a joke like “What’s the
					difference between pink and purple? Your grip!” and the room would look like an
					oil painting. Not a laugh. And then you think you’re the phallic mentor on this
					shit, but when it comes to doing the deed, it’s like pushing a rope uphill, or
					stuffing an oyster in a slot machine.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Drugs were already getting to be a problem onstage
					and off—but it was a problem we wanted, and there were plenty of people to help
					us go down the road to perdition. Sometime along the way we’d met this character
					Brimstone—what a perfect name for a dealer.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We were playing the old Michigan Palace in April of
					’74. One of the roadies says to Raymond, “Someone wants to talk to you.” And
					there he was, the devil himself. Brimstone was five feet four, big curly hair,
					big lips. He pulls out a bag <span class="italic">filled</span> with drugs.
					Raymond tells him, “Here’s the deal. Party afterward, if you want to come, it’ll
					cost you an eight-ball to get in the door. Walk in the room, don’t say a word,
					take the shit out, put it on the table, then we’ll talk.” With that he became
					the band’s regular dealer; he traveled with us, followed the tour with his own
					money. As we made more and more bread we bought bigger and bigger amounts until
					eventually we gave him twenty thousand dollars for a pound of coke. Two o’clock
					in the morning, there’d be Brimstone. Always had two six-foot blondes with him.
					Came to a bad end. <span class="italic">Brimstone became tombstone. </span>In
					fond memory, I will say this .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. that man knew more about R&amp;B
					than Joe and I put together. He’d sit on the floor with us like the Beatles did
					with the Maharishi, talking about music. As in the rest of my life, there are no
					coincidences. I feel blessed for knowing him.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Eccentric characters always found us. We’re playing
					the Cow Palace in San Francisco in ’93. Night before the show, we’re invited
					down to the O’Farrell Theater, the infamous sex club owned by the Mitchell
						Brothers<span class="italic">. Rolling Stone </span>writer Hunter S.
					Thompson is in command central .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. the office upstairs with the pool
					table. “Steven, come here!” he shouts. “I want you to see this!” He proceeds to
					introduce me to two blondes that were .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. no shit, 11s out of 10.
					The first girl has her lip pierced with a four-foot chain hanging from it that’s
					connected to the other girl’s pierced clit. Right through the poor thing.
					“Couldn’t you have done that after I got to it?” I said. “How you gonna feel my
					mouth?” The question was, at best, rhetorical. “Oh, I will,” she smiled. They
					climbed on top of the billiard table and we commenced to play. Gave new meaning
					to the term <span class="italic">pocket pool</span>. Left ball in the side
					pocket!</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">W</span>hen the
					drum riser starts harmonizing, you know you are either too high or some mystic
					Pythagorean force is at work. After the band stopped playing, the sound waves
					from the stage would vibrate the drum riser and out would come this <span
						class="italic">perfect note</span>. A booming E-flat. It was wild! What was
					that? The stage was haunted! The note would come out through the holes we’d cut
					into its side so that we could move it. It was feedback, but it was freaky,
					especially on a few lines of blow, to hear this otherworldly foghorn sound
					emanating from it.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Like I said earlier, I was a drummer, so I’d share
					all my tricks with Joey. Back when I was with Chain Reaction and no one could
					hear me, I put a pillow in my drum, ripped the front head off, placed a Shure 58
					mic in there, and hooked that into two Colossus amps. I put ’em on either side
					of my drums when I played, which pissed off Don Solomon no end, but he knew it
					accentuated what he was playing.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I told Joey that story later on, so he, having to
					outdo me, got a twelve-inch speaker that someone built for him that he stuck
					behind his head to enhance our show. It would get miked for sound, the bass
					would get miked for slap. And we were off and running. One day I look at Joey
					and I hear the stage talking to me, humming this note. Little did I know it was
					his fucking bass amp feeding back. Joey is a good drummer, but I’m the one that
					showed him foot foot, foot foot—high hat, high hat—foot and high hat playing the
					same thing .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. snare in the middle. He fuckin’ practiced that and he
					got it.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I showed Joey the egg on my foot. The egg is the
					muscle you get on your foot from playing the foot pedal. I showed him because I
					was so proud of it. He looked at me and I could see in his eyes that he loved
					the whole thing, the romance of it. Joey became one of the greatest drummers
					ever, which made him two feet taller than he was when he started. Now he’s
					taller than me! But he still wears spandex, with a little teeny nub. You’ve no
					doubt heard the expression “I know it’s small but it’s fat like a beer can.”
					Most men dress to the left or the right; Joey dresses straight out. Far as
					endowments go on the other members of the band, two are hung like a Sopwith
					Camel, one’s got a licorice nib, and one has a <span class="italic">big
						ten-inch.</span> I won’t say who that is .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but his first name
					is Steven.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Joey was one of the reasons why I wrote the song
					“Big Ten Inch Record.” I guess it was always wishful thinking. And when it comes
					to rumors, while we’re on the subject of phallic nobility, here’s one more.
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. I’ve come to find out, as the years roll by, that everybody
					seems to think that in the middle of “Big Ten Inch Record,” I say, “Suck on my
					big ten-inch.” I can’t tell you how many people I’ve heard this from—engineers,
					producers, disc jockeys, and, of course, fans .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. from all over the
					world. Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but the song is about a big ten-inch
					record, and in the middle I say, “ ’cept” (like <span class="italic"
						>except</span>) for my big ten-inch. How do you get <span class="italic"
						>suck on</span> from <span class="italic">’cept for</span>? Again
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. wishful thinking.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">B.J.</span> (aka
					Billy Joe Reisch), who was one of the crew in the seventies, used to make jokes
					on the backstage passes. He’d print them up in the dressing room and laminate
					them. Like: T<span class="sc">HIS BACKSTAGE PASS AUTHORIZED BY </span>M<span
						class="sc">ONDO</span>. O<span class="sc">R</span> D<span class="sc">EATH BY
						</span>V<span class="sc">ALIUM .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. </span>with a drawing of
					Kelly crucified on Joe’s amp stack. There’s an old blue Aerosmith backstage pass
					somewhere showing me pissing on it.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I kept my medicine cabinet onstage, in a
					fourteen-inch drum head, the bottom of which contained Jack Daniel’s and two
					Dixie cups: one Dixie cup with a straw and blow in it and the other with
					Coca-Cola and Jack Daniel’s. From behind the amps, I’d put the towel over my
					head and put my nose over it. The straw would be sticking out of the cup, as if
					it were a drink.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I wanted an onstage dressing room where I could
					snort drugs. The idea was a small movable sentry box that we could put at the
					back of the stage. The towel over my head routine was starting to get risky and
					a bit obvious. So, sometime in ’76, we ordered a small dressing room from Tom
					Fields and Associates, a theatrical lighting company that also builds sets. We
					gave them the plans and the size: thirty-six inches deep by thirty-six inches
					wide by six feet tall. But when it showed up it was thirty-six <span
						class="italic">feet</span> by thirty-six <span class="italic">feet.</span>
					They called it “Mondo’s Condo.” It was such a monstrous-sized fucker it showed
					up on a huge flatbed truck. It was like the Stonehenge prop in <span
						class="italic">Spinal Tap, </span>only in reverse. We sent it back. We wrote
					on it, “Sell it to the Stones,” and I think they did.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Joe had vials of coke with straws in them at the
					back of the stage, and when the lights would go out he’d go over there like he
					was checking something or making a guitar change and Kelly would put the straw
					in his nose; he’d take a hit, then the lights would come on again. The coke
					bingeing got so bad and blatant to where we just laid out lines on top of the
					bass amps on the left side of the stage.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">One of the things we always put in our riders was
					that the promoter had to provide in the dressing room a full-length,
					six-foot-long mirror. I would take the local promoter’s rep into the dressing
					room and he’d say, “Well, there’s the six-foot mirror you requested, Steven.”
					And I’d say, “I can see the mirror all right, but where the fuck’s the
					three-foot razor blade?”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">The crew used to strew the stage with bizarre,
					arousing, and strange objects to startle, amuse, and titillate the band. For a
					while they put a scale model of the Starship <span class="italic"
						>Enterprise</span> onstage and moved it around. Elsewhere, they’d scatter
					Polaroids of naked girls from the night before across the floor, and then there
					was the pièce de résistance: Nick Spiegel’s artificial vagina.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Nick Spiegel was an Aerotech, and we made fun of
					him when we first caught him playing with a latex pocket pussy. Kelly decided to
					get him a deluxe model. He went to this porn store, waited until nobody was
					around, and pointed to this top-of-the-line artificial vagina .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. a
					realistic-looking latex rubber job with a receptacle inside and some plastic
					pubic hair on the outside. It looked like they’d taken the sweepings off the
					barber shop floor and glued them on with Super Glue. But this was definitely the
					item, so Kelly said, “Let me see that one.” “Will that be all?” the clerk asked.
					“That’s okay, just wrap it up.” So on the way out, the guy’s going, “Oh, have a
					nice night, sir!” And Kelly says, “Oh, it’s not for me. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">U</span>nlike
					the other bands I’d been in, with Aerosmith the band members were willing to go
					the distance. The thought that we might not make it never occurred to any of us.
					When a band has doubts or thoughts that they have other options and tell
					themselves they can become accountants and Realtors and carpenters and
					whatnot—they’re going to fail. And when the guys in those bands give up, they
					become bitter. They’re all schoolteachers and cops on fucking meds.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I think this is a good time to address a matter of
					great political and social import, that being the scaly truth about LSD (no, the
						<span class="italic">other </span>LSD) .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. otherwise known as
						<span class="italic">Lead Singer Disease</span>. Jimmy Page allegedly coined
					the term in less-than-endearing homage to <span class="italic">his</span>
					raspy-throated front man. LSD is a not-much-talked-about syndrome defined in the
						<span class="italic">Mondo Manual of Psychiatric Disorders </span>as
					“Bone-gnawing, spleen-curdling jealousy of the lead singer in a rock band on the
					part of other members of the band, erupting in violent blaspheming and tantrums
					by such members whenever the lead singer’s image appears on the cover of popular
					magazines.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Being the lead singer of a successful band, there’s
					jealousy up the wazoo. And my big mouth just makes it worse. I will just come
					right out and say shit that people would never utter on their own because they’d
					either get fired or they weren’t <span class="italic">asshole</span> enough to
					do it. I am definitely known for not being the shrewdest fox in the forest.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Jealousy, animosity .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. the lead singer
					is the dancing bear, the cash cow, and sometimes that’s hard for band members to
					handle. They know that there’s no getting by without the front man. They sure
					have had fun making fun, but every time they point a finger at me, there’s three
					of them fingers pointed right back at them. As Terrible Ted says, “They can
					roast marshmallows out of the flames of my ass.” As long as they share ’em with
					me! Musical s’mores .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. a rectal delicacy.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">And <span class="italic">what about</span> the LI3?
					That’s how Tom, Brad, and Joey referred to themselves in a <span class="italic"
						>Rolling Stone</span> article .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. initials proudly standing for
						the<span class="italic"> Least Interesting Three</span>. Well, let’s go
					there for a moment. Take Tom Hamilton, for instance. Three years ago, we’re on
					tour, and one night I go, “Tom, it’s been thirty fucking years. Have you ever
					talked into a mic?” The answer was a resounding .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. never. “Don’t
					you think you should break the silence? Just go over and say anything. I’ll
					introduce you. Just do it so you can say you did.” And he did it. And never mind
					the night I took a black marker and went behind Tom and outlined his fucking
					shoes and when he came to the front of the stage, I said, “Guess where you’ve
					been standing for the last thirty minutes?” And he fires back, “Where?” So I
					point to the floor. “There!” And Tom, like his legendary predecessors, Bill
					Wyman and John Entwistle .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. never moved from his spot, like a stoic
					still life. But he did move twenty thousand fans that night with his magical
					intro to “Sweet E.” Or what he could do to a fretless bass in “Hole in My
					Soul.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I live on the tail of a comet, and I must admit
					that with all the <span class="italic">me</span> that’s me, I know in my heart
					of hearts that I would not be HERE if it weren’t for those around me. <span
						class="italic">They</span> called themselves the LI3, I didn’t. I took a
					risk and decided to be the poster boy, the magnet for other people’s fears,
					doubts, and insecurities. It’s all part of a delicious statement that all those
					people in my life do have something to say about me, but they aren’t me and they
					don’t know where I’ve been or what it took to get to that nasty, mean, maniacal
					behavioral place that everybody hates.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">W</span>hen
					you’re in a band, fans are always giving you presents, yeah? At customs, when
					the gent in the uniform says, “Sir, there seems to be a packet of tinfoil in
					your luggage containing a contraband substance and we’ll have to throw you into
					one of our dungeons for ninety-nine years,” you can say, “What’s this, then?
					Never touched that stuff in my life. Oh, one of our overzealous fans must’ve put
					it there.” That’s how we transported our rocket fuel. Throw a half ounce of coke
					in an envelope and on the outside write in big scrawling Crayola crayon letters,
						“Y<span class="sc">OU ARE THE SHIT!</span> A<span class="sc">EROSMITH
						FUCKING RULES! </span>T<span class="sc">HIS IS JUST A TOKEN OF MY AFFECTION.
						[SIGNED]</span> D<span class="sc">WAYNE</span>,” and slip it in the drum
					kit. How we do love our fans.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
