<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>About the Author.xhtml</title>
		<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="about-the-author">
			<div class="generated-style">
				<a id="about-the-author-anchor"></a><p class="h3" xml:lang="en-us"><span
						class="hyperlink"><a href="Contents.xhtml#about-the-author-toc-anchor">About
							the Authors</a></span></p>
				<p class="credits-txb1-first" xml:lang="en-us">Born Steven Victor Tallarico on March
					26, 1948, in Yonkers, New York, <span class="bold">STEVEN TYLER</span> is the
					iconic songwriter, composer, and voice of Aerosmith—America’s greatest rock ’n’
					roll band—and is considered one of rock’s most recognizable and dynamic
					frontmen. <span class="italic">Rolling Stone</span> magazine has cited him as
					one of the greatest singers of all time. </p>
				<p class="credits-text-middle" xml:lang="en-us">After coming together in Sunapee,
					New Hampshire, in the late sixties, five musicians made the decision to move to
					Boston, live together, and become the band we know today as Aerosmith: Tyler as
					frontman, guitarist Joe Perry, bassist Tom Hamilton, guitarist Ray Tabano, later
					replaced by Brad Whitford, and drummer Joey Kramer. The band has sold more than
					100 million records across the globe and won numerous prestigious
					awards—multiple Grammys, American Music awards, Billboard awards, and MTV
					awards—and was inducted into the Rock ’n’ Roll Hall of Fame in 2001.</p>
				<p class="credits-text-middle" xml:lang="en-us">Aerosmith has infiltrated rock
					history with their memorable appearances in <span class="italic">Wayne’s
						World</span> and <span class="italic">The Simpsons</span>, at the halftime
					show at Super Bowl XXXV in 2001, and in their own Aerosmith version of Guitar
					Hero. Their number one single, “Don’t Want to Miss a Thing,” was nominated for
					an Academy Award® for best song for the movie <span class="italic"
						>Armageddon</span>. In December 2010, Tyler performed for President Obama
					and the First Lady in a special tribute to Sir Paul McCartney at the Kennedy
					Center Honors. In January 2011, Tyler joined Jennifer Lopez, Randy Jackson, and
					host Ryan Seacrest as a judge on the Fox TV phenomenon <span class="italic"
						>American Idol</span>.</p>
				<p class="x1author-tracker-line" xml:lang='en-us'>WWW.STEVENTYLER.COM</p>
				
				<p class="credits-txb1-first" xml:lang="en-us">David Dalton, a founding contributor
					of <span class="italic">Rolling Stone</span>, is the author of some fifteen
					books, including <span class="italic">James Dean: The Mutant King</span>, <span
						class="italic">El Sid: St. Vicious, Piece of My Heart</span>, <span
						class="italic">Mindfuckers</span>, <span class="italic">Painting Below
						Zero</span>, <span class="italic">Faithfull with Marianne</span>, <span
						class="italic">Been Here and Gone</span>, and <span class="italic">Bob’s
						Brain: Decoding Dylan</span>, which will be published in late 2011.</p>
				<p class="x1author-tracker-line" xml:lang='en-us'>Visit www.AuthorTracker.com for exclusive information on <br />your favorite HarperCollins authors.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
