<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 12.xhtml</title>
		<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="chapter-12">
			<div class="generated-style">
				<a id="chapter-twelve-anchor"></a><p class="x1chap-num" xml:lang="en-us"><span
						class="hyperlink"><a href="Contents.xhtml#chapter-12">CHAPTER
						TWELVE</a></span></p>
				<p class="x1chap-ttl" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="bold">Where You End <br />and I
						Begin .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. Again <br />(the Goddess)</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="dropcap">I</span> should be
					alone, without girlfriend or significant other, and when I need my love, go to a
					fair. Go to a mall! I used to say to my wife, “Jesus Christ, I get more love
					from a fuckin’ stranger on the corner than I get from you—are you <span
						class="italic">tired</span> of me?” “Oh, I’m just tired of you always being
					angry.” “Tired of me being angry? I’m angry for a reason!” “You always have
					reasons.” True. But I’m supposed to turn into a Stepford husband? “Good morning,
					you look so beautiful, I’m glad you have such nice hair, and your teeth! That
					face! You look so good. Lovely to see you again! Bye.” <span class="italic"
						>Ding!</span> Next morning: “Hi. Wow, you haven’t changed a bit, you look so
					young!” <span class="italic">Ding!</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">It’s easy to get accolades from kids on the street,
					but from your exes—forget it, even when they weren’t exes. Instead it was “Why
					do you look at the women like that?” “That’s what I do for a living.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’ve never had a relationship with a woman who
					really trusted me. I’m this guy onstage with an outrageous, larger-than-life
					persona, a persona designed to be over-the-top, out there—and <span
						class="italic">nasty</span>. Any woman who ever acknowledged that would have
					put the fire out. Immediately. If they’d said what they knew to be true: “I knew
					you were gonna fuck all those women.” Never did they ever acknowledge that side.
					Ever. But if I fucked <span class="italic">anything,</span> it was the fucking
					inquisition. Even when I just kissed another girl.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“You’re disgusting! Why did you kiss that
					girl?”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“I kissed her on the cheek.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Oh, why would you do that?”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“’Cause out there, I was in the moment.” Do I have
					to explain every single thing I do in my performance? Should I explain yet
					another thing I do out there so that you can try and take the piss out of my
					performance at night? “I didn’t fuck her, fer chrissakes!” But even at fifty,
					after going through two marriages, I didn’t have enough brains to go, “Wow,
					well, this is so over!” and end things with Teresa. I had beautiful Chelsea and
					Taj, and I wanted the dream to go on.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’ve been in a band most of my life, and if you
					live like that you don’t have normal things happen to you—like <span
						class="italic">weekends. </span>Rock stars don’t get weekends, time when you
					can stop being the guy on the lip of the stage. When I had kids at home I’d
					think, <span class="italic">I’ve gotta get up early like other fathers—mow the
						lawn, take out the trash.</span> When I’d fuck up I’d feel bad and call Joe
					Perry, who doesn’t get up until one o’clock. “I’m a rock star,” he’d say. “Have
					you forgotten who <span class="italic">you</span> are?”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Compared to most men who come home every night to
					their wives and their kids and all that delicious everydayness of normal life,
					I’m at a disadvantage. Oh yeah! The whole rock star business—combined with the
					basic male impulse of wanting to fuck anything that moves—does put a kink in the
					ideal of domestic bliss and the till-death-do-us-part thing.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I would goggle down at the girls in the front row
					in the tight tank tops with their nipples sticking out like rocket boosters,
					because that’s <span class="italic">my job. </span>My job onstage is to be sexy,
					that’s what I am! It’s the equivalent of me saying to my wife, “Why are you such
					a whore in bed?” To which she’d say, “Well, it’s only in the bedroom.” “Well,
					with me, it’s only onstage!” “Well, no it isn’t! You’re looking at them like
					that out here in the parking lot, too!” “I am?” So now I’m bad for being naughty
					onstage, bad for flirting with girls at home, bad for arguing with her about it.
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Everything to do with women is a negotiation,
					because it’s based on sex. Your boss can tell you, “Show up, suit up, shut up.”
					But you can’t exactly say that to the woman you want to fuck tonight.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">In this world, you know, it’s “size doesn’t matter”
					and “sex isn’t everything,” but then why is cheating in a marriage the final
					straw? (And by the way, <span class="italic">fuck</span> is no longer one word.
					It’s <span class="italic">Fuuuuuuuuuuuck!</span> Or FUCK, you’re gorgeous! It is
					so expressive, it’s <span class="italic">Fuuuuuuck! </span>)</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">It’s funny. Getting married, it’s all “I, Betty,
					take Joe .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. better or worse .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. death or sickness.”
					Excuse me? Did you say better or worse? And then you divorce him? Didn’t you
					take a vow? Weren’t we supposed to learn compassion and forgiveness from the
					Pope? Didn’t the Pope once go visit the guy in the hospital who shot him? So how
					come I can’t get none?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Why would a man and a woman who call themselves
					soul mates ever leave each other over something as frivolous as sex? The wife,
					in a high-pitched voice, says, “Well, ’cause it’s deeper than that, Steven. It’s
					really a trust issue.” And that means if I fuck around, you can take all the
					money out of my account and sell all the animals? Excuse me, but what does a
					hand job have to do with my bank account? Suddenly they’ve forgotten everything
					except that laundry list of what they don’t like about you?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">As soon as I left my Teresa I became sexually
					active. Sad to say, but everyone said, “Wow! You seem so happy now!” And I
					thought, <span class="italic">Hell, yeah!</span> I can go to character
					breakfasts at Disneyworld now. Whereas in the past, <span class="italic"
						>someone</span> didn’t want to go. Or whatever it is you like to do and she
					doesn’t. Or vice versa!</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Your girlfriend, your wife, they’re supposed to be
					your soul mate but you really never know. When you’re in therapy you find out
					that you often do things in life out of necessity. Naturally, I didn’t want to
					hear that. There comes a time in a man’s life when he realizes he’s not getting
					any younger—I think I’ll marry this girl. And if you tell her she’s your soul
					mate, she’ll love you even more. Hey, we like to raise goats together, live in
					the country, eat brown rice, pet the old donkey. And isn’t it funny how we found
					out that we both like—?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">And then one day she catches you fucking somebody
					else and it’s “I never did like that fucking donkey! You and your fucking
					donkey. You and your fucking chickens. I never fucking liked them and I’m bummed
					out that you never <span class="italic">sensed</span> that I didn’t like them
						[<span class="italic">sniff</span>].”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">And you go, “Oh my god, but .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. I
					thought that we were soul mates.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Fuck you and your soul mate shit.” And in a
					second, they’re gone. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. In a fucking heartbeat. Any guy that’s
					caught fucking, suddenly everything that the wife loved him for .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.
						<span class="italic">gone</span>!</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Behind every great rock star there’s the rock
					star’s wife, drop-dead gorgeous, walking around in a thong—the kind of gorgeous
					woman you jerked off to in <span class="italic">Playboy,</span> but after two
					hours in a room with her you’d lose your mind. She’s belittling the rock star,
					humiliating him, you wonder how that rock star could be with her. Because men
					are imprinted. They just want to get laid. It’s a slammin’ thing. Why does a guy
					who’s the president of the bank want to suck on a high-heeled spike while she’s
					smacking him on his ass with a riding crop that’s leaving welts?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’m half man, half woman. Most men are 80 percent
					man, <span class="italic">woo-hoo-woo-hoo-woo,</span> like an ape. There’s not a
					lot of female emotion evoked in most males. My generation grew up in a John
					Wayne world, the macho cowboy or the GI going, “I don’t want anyone to touch my
					bitch! I don’t want anyone to touch my female!” What a crazy fucking thing is
					that? It’s all male ego run riot. <span class="italic">Gzooom!</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I like to jerk off, I like to come! Who gives a
					fuck what gets you off? Gays love me! I walk into a roomful of queens and go,
					“Oh, you found me!” Still, I got to tell them, “Don’t even think about hittin’
					on me. I’m a breeder and you know it.” Gay sex just doesn’t do it for me. I
					tried it one time when I was younger, but I just didn’t dig it. The idea of some
					guy pulling my hair back, biting my ear, and shoving his cock in my ass doesn’t
					appeal to me.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Sex is the strongest force in the universe. Forget
					about the Grand Unifying Theory, Stephen Hawking, I’ll tell you what it is:
					women. Aren’t women the strongest sex? What force is more magnetic than that?
					It’s not just pussy. We’re attracted to women for their energy. We’re attracted
					to their fluidness, their ability to nurture a baby without even knowing how, to
					be able to put up with screaming and crying and colic and shitty diapers where
					men would go, “I’m fuckin’ outta here! I’m gonna go kill me a saber-toothed
					woolly mammoth an’ bring it on home to eat tonight. <span class="italic"
						>Wa-haaaaaa!</span>” We don’t have tits; we couldn’t nourish a gnat.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Hooo-hoooo!</span> Based on
					testosterone alone, guys are fucked. Most women are—can be—a little nuts
					upstairs, but they’re basically nurturers, and we are, used to be, were created
					to hunt. We’re created to be Ted Nugent. For a million years we did the hunting.
					We didn’t sharpen our spears and sign a <span class="italic">contract</span>!
					Kill the fucking animal! Blood, guts, blurt. That’s why women crawled to the
					back of the cave and had their babies. So the male wouldn’t <span class="italic"
						>eat</span> the baby. Animals do it! We’re not far from that. There’s
					something going on: in all of our fightings, we have not been able to find that
					cranial capacity to go from the monkey brain to ours. It kills me. I just <span
						class="italic">kills</span> me. Very rarely will you find a compassionate
					man who’ll say, “I’m sorry,” or cry. Hell, you join the women doing that!
					“What’re you, a faggot? You’re gay? Be a man!” I mean, wow! I’d rather be gay,
					if that’s what gay is: smell the flowers, like to suck on my thumb, cry, smile
					big.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">We keep the vagina hidden. It’s too strong in our
					society. Jesus and Mary Magdalene—it says “and he kissed her” and the rest is
					scratched out. He kissed her <span class="italic">what</span>? Her lips, her
					hands? We all know what the Holy Grail was, it was a vagina. Now that really is
					mystical. Those guys, the Knights Templar, are looking into the chalice—like
					that scene in <span class="italic">Basic Instinct </span>where Michael Douglas
					can’t look at Sharon Stone’s pussy—and they go into a swoon. What do you mean
					the chalice was gold with rubies. Please! Whatever the God force is, it
					certainly isn’t in a golden box! Gold <span class="italic">we</span> made.
					Heaven and hell, we invented. Put <span class="italic">that</span> in the gold
					box.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Fucking-A women are different. They can have
					babies. They can nurture. Nurturing is part of a woman’s DNA. But what about
					remembering anniversaries—is that part of their genetic makeup, too? Even tough
					chicks like my girlfriend, Erin Brady, get sentimental and pissed off when you
					don’t remember. Last time I was in England with Erin, I got in trouble for that.
					We were doing the English equivalent of the Grammys. Oasis was playing that
					night. Well, unfortunately, this big night was also Erin’s birthday or our
					anniversary or something. See? I’m already in trouble because even now I don’t
					remember which one it was.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Whatever it was, I realized it along the way or
					someone told me. A little red flag went up in my mind. “Oh, my god!” So I called
					the hotel and said, “Give her some flowers.” But she got it in her head that I
					took the flowers off a counter or that they otherwise hadn’t actually come from
					me, which in a way .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Erin, you gotta understand. I’m getting ready to
					do the Grammys, my head is in the clouds, I don’t know <span class="italic"
						>what</span> I’m doin’, let alone to say Happy Birthday.” Or was it our
					anniversary? Hey, I probably even messed up on the apology. “Listen, I miss my
					own kids’ birthdays,” I told her, “never mind what <span class="italic"
						>day</span> it is.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Well, not with me!” I think she said.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Finally I go, “Oh, <span class="italic"
						>o-kaaayyyyyy</span>.” We only broke up for ten minutes that day.</p>
				<p class="x1bm-after-txb1" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="sbdropcap">W</span>hen I
					started to make money I said to Teresa, “You know what, honey? Go buy whatever
					you want.” And she said, “Really, I can? Can we get, like, a <span
						class="italic">house</span>?” Oh, they forget all that! And then when I come
					home and say, “Look, honey, I was a little nasty on tour,” it’s
					“What-do-you-mean?” “What do you mean ‘what-do-you-mean?’ ” Why did I tell her?
					Because I’m a fucking idiot. Oh, I know what happened. I was in rehab, I was
					sober, I was trying to be honest about everything. In rehab they were telling
					me, “Well, you should tell her, but it’s not me that’s sayin’ you should.” I
					took their advice. Unfortunately.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">It’s that word <span class="italic">but</span>.
					When they said to me, “<span class="italic">but</span> it’s not me that’s
					telling you to do it,” I should have known better. <span class="italic"
						>But</span> is a scary word. It’ll get you every time. You know what my
					uncle said about the word <span class="italic">but</span>? It stands for “the
					basic underlying truth .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. is to follow.” So when you go, “I didn’t
					tell him, <span class="italic">but</span> .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. ,” it means you did
					tell him. And when you go, “I told him, <span class="italic">but</span>
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. ,” it means you didn’t tell him.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Isn’t it a crazy coincidence—or is it fate?—that my
					ex-wife Teresa was a twin and my girlfriend is also a twin? Hmm, maybe those
					seven-year-olds from the choir had something to do with it. When I was younger,
					if I ever ran into twins I’d say, “How about me and your sister getting
					together?” By the way, if I were on <span class="italic">Oprah</span> right now,
					I’d say, “Is there anyone out there who’s got twin sisters? E-mail my Web site
					tomorrow, let me know.” Oh, yeah, I don’t do e-mail.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Of course, me being me, I did ask Teresa about
					having a threesome with her sister Lisa for years and got so smacked down. I may
					have asked Teresa’s sister Lisa one too many times! But honestly, don’t you
					think twins get that a lot? It’s the thing to do, no? I once wrote a song about
					Teresa and her sister. It’s called “Push Comes to Shove.” <span class="italic"
						>“Lookey here, baby I’m talkin’ ’bout you without a doubt. Your sister’s
						lookin’ mighty thin, me and the boys know where you been.”</span> I sing it
					like Tom Waits.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Women love me because I sing good, because I’m a
					rock star, because I’m Steven Tyler. You may say, well, hell, what’s wrong with
					that? What’s the big deal about being loved for yourself anyway? And at the end
					of the day, does it matter that I got laid tonight because the girl’s known
					about me for ten years and loves Aerosmith? “Dream On” is her favorite song so
					she fucked me. Unfortunately, she’s home telling all her friends, “Guess who I
					fucked?” And sometimes that sucks. Of course I’m not going to get any sympathy
					in that department.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I just have no life! I didn’t even have time to see
					Chelsea and Taj, let alone go visit. I couldn’t, because there was <span
						class="italic">so</span> little time and because I do this: <span
						class="italic">AaaaAAAAaaaaah! </span>Every show my throat gets strained. My
					skin, my feet, my back is pulled and twisted. I am the whirring front man of
					Aerosmith, their golden goose! At the end of the night, I ache, I can’t talk.
					The rest of the band, they can wake up and they’re fine—they don’t use <span
						class="italic">themselves </span>as an instrument. They can claim aches and
					pains so they can be in the Aches &amp; Pains Club, too, once I start squeaking.
					Hell, everyone likes to bitch about how wasted and sore and shattered they are,
					but they can go home on the day off. My wife would see Joe home, call me up:
					“Why didn’t <span class="italic">you</span> come home?” And once that starts,
					it’s the beginning of the end, because I do day-on, day-off to rest my voice.
					And when I start to explain to her in my creaky voice, does she melt and say she
					understands?</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I’d be in the Midwest and call home and say, “Guess
					who’s here tonight? Jimmy Page!”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">“Yeah? And I’m <span class="italic">here
					</span>alone. Hope you’re having fun!” I’d kick the phone and go, “Fuck!”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">They say that the female brain is different from
					the male brain and I can fucking believe it. Sometimes I’m ashamed to be a male
					around women. Men are FM—fucking and money—and women are, you know,
					psychosexually multitracked. We’re still in mono—that’s why they’re all
					confusing to us. I mean, we’re just sort of, like, “Hey, I like that, I want
					that!” But they can be both sides of the same question within two seconds. It’s
					like David “Honeyboy” Edwards, the old Mississippi blues singer, used to say
					that you can’t ever win an argument with a woman.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Dogs don’t remember, they act by rote, they don’t
					even know why they’re doing it. When we’re in a roomful of pussy, do guys
					instinctively go “<span class="italic">Ugghh</span>” like the Neanderthals we
					were? Do we? I mean, I don’t know.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I want to talk about women, I want to sing to them.
					I’ll do my lounge lizard act, anything to get through. To her, the one, the girl
					that I’ve missed: decipher this, baby!</p>
				<p class="x1song-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Ridin’ into town
						alone</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">By the light of the
						moon</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">I’m looking for ol’
						Sukie Jones</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">She crazy horse
						saloon</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">Barkeep gimme a
						drink</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">That’s why she’s caught
						my eye</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-mid" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">She turned to give me a
						wink</span></p>
				<p class="x1song-last" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">That make a grown man
						cry</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I feel the vertigo of being alone. I’ll be working
					a room, talking to people, joking, telling them stories—they’re looking at me,
					and what they see is this Steven Tyler entity. I began to think of myself in the
					third person—which is a kind of existential hell. And everybody I know said the
					same thing except the one person that I wanted to say it to me, and she left me.
					So it’s really lonely being who the fuck I am.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
