<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>SemiPrologue.xhtml</title>
		<link href="template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="semiprologue">
			<div class="generated-style">
				<a id="semiprologue-anchor"></a><p class="x1chap-num-epi-follow" xml:lang="en-us"
						><span class="hyperlink"><a href="Contents.xhtml#semiprologue-toc-anchor"
							>SEMIPROLOGUE</a></span></p>
				<p class="x1epi-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">If you’re a
					hammer, everything looks like a nail.</span></p> 
				<p class="x2epi-co-text-follows" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="italic">If you’re a singer, everything
						looks like a song.</span></p>
				<p class="x1bm-first" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="dropcap">L</span>ife is short.
					Break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably,
					and never regret anything that makes you smile.” We’re not quantified; there’s
					no chart of desire. When the roaring flames of your heart have burned down to
					embers, may you find that you have married your best friend. Hunch, conjecture,
					instinct .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. a blind allegiance to anything can get you killed, and
					always remember .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. sing as though no one can hear you; live as
					though heaven is here on Earth. Here I want to say something deep and
					meaningless, like “To thine own self be true,” but in truth, the first thing we
					have to do is KILL ALL THE LAWYERS.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">When I was a kid and in a gang, my so-called best
					friend, Dennis Dunn, would slam me in the arm and say, “Pass it on,
					motherfucker!” So I turned to Ignacio and punched him in the arm and said, “Pass
					it on!” Ignacio turned to Footie and punched him in the arm, and Footie punched
					Raymond, who in turn .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. punched me again. It’s all about fighting
					for position. Later on in life I was to find that being in a band was not too
					different. Only in my new gang, Brad punched Tom, Tom punched Joey, Joey punched
					Joe, and Joe punched me (in the mouth), and that’s the sweetest way I can tell
					you what happens in every band that ever there was (at least those that lasted
					more than ten years and got the chance to manifest the light).</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">I remember once my mother telling me, when I said I
					wanted to be like Janis Joplin: “If you manifest the light, you will become a
					dartboard for others’ fears, doubts, and insecurities. And if you can handle
					that, Steven, my little skeezix, you may have your Blue Army.” And guess what? I
					got both barrels! I also wish to articulate at the outset here, neighbors and
					ne’er-do-wells, that my life’s journey has not taken me to a place to defile,
					demoralize, or damage <span class="italic">anybody. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. </span>So
					all of <span class="sc">you</span> who have ruffled my feathers and done me
					wrong for being an inquisitive child or an oversensitive pain-in-the-neck
					artist, remember, just like they said about Mongo in the movie <span
						class="italic">Blazing Saddles,</span> if you shoot Steven, you’ll just make
					him angry.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">When you’re young, you experience everything for
					the first time, and because it’s happening to <span class="italic">you </span>so
					matter-of-factly, it just <span class="italic">is</span> .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. and you
					argue your way through it. In midlife, you question fucking everything, and so
					much energy is wasted questioning the <span class="italic">whys </span>of it
					all. You want to find that angel of thunderstorms that will put out your
					internal fire. You start to believe that you made it through six decades because
					there <span class="italic">is</span> an angel on your shoulder.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">That’s why I’m a songwriter—because I’ve lived
					through the changes of not knowing ANYTHING .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. to knowing EVERYTHING .&nbsp;.&nbsp;.
					and now at sixty-three I’m back to NOT KNOWIN’ NOTHIN’.
					And when your mind is free of so-called knowledge, it is now set free to use its
					imagination. Like Albert Einstein once said: “Imagination is more important than
					knowledge.”</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Radio plays your song; the melody is so catchy that
					it crawls inside of the people listening and changes <span class="italic"
						>their</span> Everything. <span class="italic">They</span> start singing it!
					You got into them. You made love to them. You got into their soul
					.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. and vice versa. It’s like Vuja Dé, and that’s when the miracle
					manifests .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. you’re trading faces, places, spaces, and graces.</p>
				<p class="x1bm" xml:lang="en-us">Father of four children (loves of my life), a
					songwriter, got a doctorate at Berkeley and another one at UMass, Boston, a
					poet, a painter, a drug addict, and a person who learns something new on a daily
					basis, from the Malibu Home for the Recently All Right to having dinner with
					Sheikh Nion in Abu Dhabi&nbsp;.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. and now .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. an author?
					You gotta be kidding! RoMANtics. SeMANtics. Exotic, neurotic, you got it! Does
					the noise in my head bother you .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. yet? Yeah, really? I’d say we’re
					off to a good start.</p>
				<p class="x2prol-bm-au" xml:lang="en-us"><span class="bold">S.T.</span></p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
